==== 2018-11-16 ==== 
Meeting will be held at [[ https://zoom.us/my/hyperledger.community | zoom]] (video conf, recommend using microphone and headset) and [[https://chat.hyperledger.org/channel/cello|rocketchat]] (for text chat) at:
  * 08:30AM   (UTC-4) [UTC -4 is Eastern Daylight Time EDT]
  * 06:00PM   (UTC+0530)
  * 08:30PM   (UTC+8)

  * [[ https://jira.hyperledger.org/projects/CE/issues/CE-188?filter=allopenissues | Ongoing Jira task ]] 
  * [[ https://gerrit.hyperledger.org/r/#/q/project:cello+status:open | Open Patchset for review ]] 
  * [[ https://wiki.hyperledger.org/projects/cello | Project Wiki Page ]] 


=== Agenda ===
Feel free to update before the meeting.

  - Released version 0.9.0
  - Tong presented cello at kubecon
  - Demo of fabric-ca support in both operator-dashboard and user-dashboard(shuo)
  - [[https://jira.hyperledger.org/issues/?filter=12626 | v1.0.0 on going issues ]]
  - [[https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Dw6cEKaul6FenORNkDcxvPDDKwpl0A5EmcJBlqAWJoU/|Next-generation arch to support consoritum governing]]
  - Quarterly report on the TSC meeting next week
  - Other issues

=== Attendee ===
**Please put your name before the meeting.**

  * Baohua Yang
  * Haitao Yue
  * Jiahao Chen
  * Shuo Wang
  * Zhangjiong Xuan
  * Jian Liang
  * Hao He
  * Mingmei Liu
  * Shangnan Liu
  * Xiaoli Ke
  * Yash

=== Minutes ===
  * Will follow plan for the v1.0.0 release
  * Emphasize using jira dashboard for task management
  * Baohua will prepare the quarterly report