==== 2018-12-21 ==== 
Meeting will be held at [[ https://zoom.us/my/hyperledger.community | zoom]] (video conf, recommend using microphone and headset) and [[https://chat.hyperledger.org/channel/cello|rocketchat]] (for text chat) at:
  * 08:30AM   (UTC-4) [UTC -4 is Eastern Daylight Time EDT]
  * 06:00PM   (UTC+0530)
  * 08:30PM   (UTC+8)

  * [[ https://jira.hyperledger.org/projects/CE/issues/CE-188?filter=allopenissues | Ongoing Jira task ]] 
  * [[ https://gerrit.hyperledger.org/r/#/q/project:cello+status:open | Open Patchset for review ]] 
  * [[ https://wiki.hyperledger.org/projects/cello | Project Wiki Page ]] 


=== Agenda ===
Feel free to update before the meeting.

  - HGF experience (baohua)
  - Kubernetes progress (Luke Chen)
  - [[https://wiki.hyperledger.org/projects/cello/internship-2018|fabric-ca support progress]] (shuo)
  - [[https://jira.hyperledger.org/issues/?filter=12626 | v1.0.0 on going issues ]]
  - [[https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Dw6cEKaul6FenORNkDcxvPDDKwpl0A5EmcJBlqAWJoU/edit|governing feature spec]]
  - Separate api & dashboard, rewrite api engine.


=== Attendee ===
**Please put your name before the meeting.**

10 attendees:
  * Baohua Yang
  * Haitao Yue
  * Jiahao Chen
  * Peng Du
  * Brenda
  * rtxie
  * 

=== Minutes ===

  - baohua shared his experience with HGF
    - business & tech topics, session, workshops
    - meet alexanjra, todd, tong, shuo and others, demo cello poster there and discuss roadmaps and features;
    - many people feel interested with operational tools, that's cello's work
  - Luke is busy with company works, no much update
  - Shuo is busy with final exam
  - Tong is having vacation
  - Haitao discuss the new idea for api server, will lead an API design spec for review

