==== 2018-08-03 ==== 
Meeting will be held at [[ https://zoom.us/my/hyperledger.community | zoom]] (video conf, recommend using microphone and headset) and [[https://chat.hyperledger.org/channel/cello|rocketchat]] (for text chat) at:
  * 08:30AM   (UTC-4) [UTC -4 is Eastern Daylight Time EDT]
  * 06:00PM   (UTC+0530)
  * 08:30PM   (UTC+8)

  * [[ https://jira.hyperledger.org/projects/CE/issues/CE-188?filter=allopenissues | Ongoing Jira task ]] 
  * [[ https://gerrit.hyperledger.org/r/#/q/project:cello+status:open | Open Patchset for review ]] 
  * [[ https://wiki.hyperledger.org/projects/cello | Project Wiki Page ]] 


=== Agenda ===
Feel free to update before the meeting.

  - Dynamic crypto config generation (Haitao,Jiang Lu)
  - Quick demo of using Helm/Chart to deploy Fabric (Luke Chen)
  - [[https://wiki.hyperledger.org/projects/cello/internship-2018|Internship progress]] (shuo)
    - [[https://gerrit.hyperledger.org/r/#/c/25097/ | Dynamic generate credential]]
  - [[dboswell@linuxfoundation.org|David Boswell]] is collecting cello meetup speaker, pls let him know if you're available.
  - [[https://jira.hyperledger.org/projects/CE/issues/CE-428|Bug: can not open user-dashboard]]
  - 


=== Attendee ===
**Please put your name before the meeting.**

  * Baohua Yang
  * Haitao Yue
  * Tong Li
  * Luke Chen
  * Peng Du
  * Amit Gupta
  * Brenda
  * Feng Yang
  * Jesse Hu
  * Yanko
  * Zhongjie Qian
  * rtxie
  * 

=== Minutes ===
  * Shuo and haitao have done the basic spec, will upload to google doc to share out;
  * Luke demos the usage of helm chart;
  * Yanko asked how to report bug and wanna better documentation/dev docs;
  * Peng asked questions about the fabric-ca usage and how to manage user credentials.