==== 2018-06-15 ==== 
Meeting will be held at [[ https://zoom.us/my/hyperledger.community | zoom]] (video conf, recommend using microphone and headset) and [[https://chat.hyperledger.org/channel/cello|rocketchat]] (for text chat) at:
  * 08:30AM   (UTC-4) [UTC -4 is Eastern Daylight Time EDT]
  * 06:00PM   (UTC+0530)
  * 08:30PM   (UTC+8)

  * [[ https://jira.hyperledger.org/projects/CE/issues/CE-188?filter=allopenissues | Ongoing Jira task ]] 
  * [[ https://gerrit.hyperledger.org/r/#/q/project:cello+status:open | Open Patchset for review ]] 
  * [[ https://wiki.hyperledger.org/projects/cello | Project Wiki Page ]] 


=== Agenda ===
Feel free to update before the meeting.
  - Confirmed with jessica to re-config the image building trigger (baohua)
  - Refine code for user dashboard (haitao)
  - Update content at Amsterdam 
  - Discuss Blockchain as a Service Proposal logged at [[ https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/CE-383 | JIRA ]] which has attachment [[ https://docs.google.com/document/d/1HfaWl8jXH75wua-hZCXgrpS-AQlYtTqSwlII1_1pi4s/edit# | Proposal]]
  - Internship progress (shuo)


=== Attendee ===
**Please put your name before the meeting.**

  * Baohua Yang
  * Haitao Yue
  * Tong Li
  * Yash Ganthe
  * Dinesh Rivankar
  * Luke Chen

=== Minutes ===

  - Update content at Amsterdam 
    - new release 0.8, feature list
    - resources to enhance the cello dashboard supporting k8s
    - bug fixes
    - ansible agent existing k8s support
    - composer enablement
    - Seeking new opportunity to collaborate with other projects
  - Luke sync on the k8s feature
    - Will update in next week
  - Enterprise proposal discussions
    - Motivations: let each org have its own id and dashboard
  - Internship
    - Shuo is sick and go home to have a rest
    - Will continue to work in next week