==== 2018-08-24 ==== 
Meeting will be held at [[ https://zoom.us/my/hyperledger.community | zoom]] (video conf, recommend using microphone and headset) and [[https://chat.hyperledger.org/channel/cello|rocketchat]] (for text chat) at:
  * 08:30AM   (UTC-4) [UTC -4 is Eastern Daylight Time EDT]
  * 06:00PM   (UTC+0530)
  * 08:30PM   (UTC+8)

  * [[ https://jira.hyperledger.org/projects/CE/issues/CE-188?filter=allopenissues | Ongoing Jira task ]] 
  * [[ https://gerrit.hyperledger.org/r/#/q/project:cello+status:open | Open Patchset for review ]] 
  * [[ https://wiki.hyperledger.org/projects/cello | Project Wiki Page ]] 


=== Agenda ===
Feel free to update before the meeting.

  - Support fabric 1.2 in user dashboard (Haitao)
  - Kubernetes agent progress (Luke Chen)
    - Helm chart development status. (Dave Huseby)
    - Future direction? (Dave Huseby)
  - [[https://wiki.hyperledger.org/projects/cello/internship-2018|Internship progress]] (shuo)
  - Prepare for the v0.9.0 release.
  - [[groups/tsc/project-updates/cello-2018-aug|report in TSC meeting]]
    - Last time report is [[groups/tsc/project-updates/cello-2018-may | here]]
    - Will luke take this?


=== Attendee ===
**Please put your name before the meeting.**


  * Baohua Yang
  * Haitao Yue
  * Tong Li
  * Jiahao Chen
  * Shuo Wang
  * Peng Du
  * rtxie
  * Peng Du
  * brenda
  * David
  * Sasha

=== Minutes ===
  * Hightall will finish fabric 1.2 support before next weekend;
  * Luke and Tong will work with david and sasha on exploring the possibility of enable helm chart support;
  * Shuo will give a fabric-ca demo at next weekly meeting;
  * Welcome to help report bug before the v0.9.0 release;
  * Luke will prepare the TSC meeting report.