==== 2019-01-18 ==== 
Meeting will be held at [[ https://zoom.us/my/hyperledger.community | zoom]] (video conf, recommend using microphone and headset) and [[https://chat.hyperledger.org/channel/cello|rocketchat]] (for text chat) at:
  * 08:30AM   (UTC-4) [UTC -4 is Eastern Daylight Time EDT]
  * 06:00PM   (UTC+0530)
  * 08:30PM   (UTC+8)

  * [[ https://jira.hyperledger.org/projects/CE/issues/CE-188?filter=allopenissues | Ongoing Jira task ]] 
  * [[ https://gerrit.hyperledger.org/r/#/q/project:cello+status:open | Open Patchset for review ]] 
  * [[ https://wiki.hyperledger.org/projects/cello | Project Wiki Page ]] 


=== Agenda ===
Feel free to update before the meeting.

  - [[https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Dw6cEKaul6FenORNkDcxvPDDKwpl0A5EmcJBlqAWJoU/edit#heading=h.rnk22woe74iz| Add APIs into the workflow]]
  - Inter-op feedbacks
  - Leizu, what do you all think?
  - [[https://jira.hyperledger.org/issues/?filter=12626 | v1.0.0 on going issues ]]


=== Attendee ===
**Please put your name before the meeting.**

9 attendees:
  * Baohua Yang
  * Haitao Yue
  * Tong Li
  * Peng Du
  * TMM
  * Ruitao Xie

=== Minutes ===
  * The API in the workflow is agreed, will follow that for the coding work;
  * Tong bring the questions in the inter-op meetings, cello will help enhance the channel collaboration;
  * Tong brings the leizu work, it seems a big overlap with cello's overlap, and will negotiate a time to discuss with kai chen.