a:2:{s:7:"current";a:8:{s:4:"date";a:2:{s:7:"created";i:1497893379;s:8:"modified";i:1497893379;}s:7:"creator";s:11:"Tracy Kuhrt";s:4:"user";s:6:"tkuhrt";s:11:"last_change";a:7:{s:4:"date";i:1497893379;s:2:"ip";s:13:"173.22.224.10";s:4:"type";s:1:"C";s:2:"id";s:49:"projects:fabric:meeting-notes:2017-jan-23-morning";s:4:"user";s:6:"tkuhrt";s:3:"sum";s:7:"created";s:5:"extra";s:0:"";}s:5:"title";s:48:"Notes from Fabric Discussion 23-JAN-2017 morning";s:11:"description";a:2:{s:15:"tableofcontents";a:1:{i:0;a:4:{s:3:"hid";s:48:"notes_from_fabric_discussion_23-jan-2017_morning";s:5:"title";s:48:"Notes from Fabric Discussion 23-JAN-2017 morning";s:4:"type";s:2:"ul";s:5:"level";i:2;}}s:8:"abstract";s:503:"Notes from Fabric Discussion 23-JAN-2017 morning

notes from Sharon Cocco (weeds):

 ----- Today January 23rd, 2017 -----

weeds [06:32] A few people are meeting to talk about the status
               of the Master code base.  I am slacking the information as a
               result- this is real time discussion 

      [06:35]  There are multiple lists on the board-- these are
               all the stuff we want to walk through and determine where we are
               specifically-- TLS, valâ€¦";}s:8:"internal";a:2:{s:5:"cache";b:1;s:3:"toc";b:1;}s:8:"relation";a:1:{s:10:"firstimage";s:0:"";}}s:10:"persistent";a:4:{s:4:"date";a:1:{s:7:"created";i:1497893379;}s:7:"creator";s:11:"Tracy Kuhrt";s:4:"user";s:6:"tkuhrt";s:11:"last_change";a:7:{s:4:"date";i:1497893379;s:2:"ip";s:13:"173.22.224.10";s:4:"type";s:1:"C";s:2:"id";s:49:"projects:fabric:meeting-notes:2017-jan-23-morning";s:4:"user";s:6:"tkuhrt";s:3:"sum";s:7:"created";s:5:"extra";s:0:"";}}}