===== TWG China Meeting =====

==== Date ====
10AM ~ 11AM, 2017-10-25, GMT+8

Join [[https://www.uberconference.com/hyperledger-community | uberconference]]:
  * Option 1: Use the **My Computer** audio to connect in (Recommend using microphone and headset)
  * Option 2: Dial in using the phone number at the website, e.g., +1 480-757-9435 (No local number support now)

[[https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/0B_NJV6eJXAA1R04zZ05FdE9WVGM | Audio record]]

==== Attendee ====

**Pls add ur name here before the meeting.**

  * Baohua Yang
  * Zhangjiong Xuan
  * Scott Long - LF
  * Allen Shao
  * Wenhui Du  - Anne
  * Yong Wan
  * Linsheng Yu
  * Zhong TIAN - IBM
  * Sheng Huang - IBM
  * Min Luo - NTT
  * Jiannan Guo - IBM
==== Agenda ====
  - [[https://lists.hyperledger.org/g/tsc | TSC meetings sync]]
    - [[https://docs.google.com/document/d/1KVrakb2JsqgMo2aG-QIYl743VHsU9NWYKxy7n-WeXv4/edit | [HIP] Hyperledger Quilt]] is accepted as new HL project
    - [[https://docs.google.com/document/d/1V2X9A2yTdHNbI1v3itspjisWashMOabHXWbxMEZFs90| Training Working Group]] Proposal
    - Hyperledger Summit [[http://hlms17.sched.com/ | Agenda]], feel free to [[https://www.regonline.com/hyperledgermembersummit2017|register]].
  - [[groups/twgc/team_di | Team development and Innovation]] (Yaoguo Jiang, Zhangjiong Xuan)
    - Code development on projects
  - [[groups/twgc/team_ie| Team i18n and Education ]] (Linsheng Yu, Jiannan Guo)
    - Zanata evaluation done.（https://hyperledgercn.github.io/hyperledgerDocs/zanata_guide/）
    - **TODO: Linsheng and Jiannan will help send out the usage link to maillist**
  - [[groups/twgc/team_cs| Team Collaboration and Scenarios ]] (Yin Cao, Kelvin, Haixu Cheng)
    - Welcome companies to share usage cases at [[https://wiki.hyperledger.org/groups/twgc/team_cs|case collection ]]
    - **TODO: Haixu's feedback from TsingDao conf**
  - [[groups/twgc/team_eo| Team Event Organization ]] (Zhou Xing, Zhoudong Ji and Sheng Huang)
    - **Call for sponsors for November and December Meetups.**
    - Call for HL member news, will select to publish through official wechat channel. Feel free to contact TWGC.
  - other issues
    - [[https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ukZFkP11qF56vt-WmLsGI5BTex2wOOSl8-Ecp0Y8yOc/edit?usp=sharing | Fabric crypto technical report]] for CCSC (Zhenhua Dong), welcome for review and comments.
    - [[https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-5496 | SM2 support]] by  Zhenhua Dong
    - [[https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-6263 | MongoDB support]] by  huiq li (oxchain)
    - Others?


==== Minutes ====

  - [[https://lists.hyperledger.org/g/tsc | TSC meetings sync]]
    - [[https://docs.google.com/document/d/1KVrakb2JsqgMo2aG-QIYl743VHsU9NWYKxy7n-WeXv4/edit | [HIP] Hyperledger Quilt]] is accepted as new HL project
    - [[https://docs.google.com/document/d/1V2X9A2yTdHNbI1v3itspjisWashMOabHXWbxMEZFs90| Training Working Group]] Proposal
    - Hyperledger Summit [[http://hlms17.sched.com/ | Agenda]], feel free to [[https://www.regonline.com/hyperledgermembersummit2017|register]].
  - [[groups/twgc/team_di | Team development and Innovation]] (Yaoguo Jiang, Zhangjiong Xuan)
    - Code development on projects
    - Cello: v0.7 is released, with features including support fabric 1.0; starting support on kubernetes and vshpere as underly infrastructure.
    - fabric: add more documentation work at https://github.com/FabricTOC/FabricTOC.
  - [[groups/twgc/team_ie| Team i18n and Education ]] (Linsheng Yu, Jiannan Guo)
    - Zanata evaluation done, have shared the link in group.
    - **TODO: Linsheng and Jiannan will help send out the usage link to maillist once the user joining problem is fixed.**
  - [[groups/twgc/team_cs| Team Collaboration and Scenarios ]] (Yin Cao, Kelvin, Haixu Cheng)
    - Welcome companies to share usage cases at [[https://wiki.hyperledger.org/groups/twgc/team_cs|case collection]]
    - **TODO: Sheng will connect Fudan Univ to share their case.**
    - **TODO: Han will share Annie's usage case.**
  - [[groups/twgc/team_eo| Team Event Organization ]] (Zhou Xing, Zhoudong Ji and Sheng Huang)
    - **Call for sponsors for November and December Meetups.**
    - Call for HL member news, will select to publish through official wechat channel. Feel free to contact TWGC.
    - Beijing: Annie will volunteer for <=40 person place for holding meetups in Beijing (Pangu, Yingu);
    - Shanghai: Sheng will host a meetup at November 18 in Shanghai, with Fudan University.
    - Hangzhou: Zhangjiong will help connect with Zhejiang University.
  - other issues
    - [[https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ukZFkP11qF56vt-WmLsGI5BTex2wOOSl8-Ecp0Y8yOc/edit?usp=sharing | Fabric crypto technical report]] for CCSC (Zhenhua Dong), welcome for review and comments.
    - [[https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-5496 | SM2 support]] by  Zhenhua Dong
    - [[https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-6263 | MongoDB support]] by  huiq li (oxchain)
    - Others: Uberconf seems not very stable to connect through web browser, while we do not have phone number for local access.