===== TWG China Meeting =====

==== Date ====
10AM ~ 11AM, 2017-08-16, GMT+8

[[https://www.uberconference.com/hyperledger-community | uberconference]]
  * option 1: Use the computer audio to connect in (Recommend using microphone and headset)
  * option 2: Dial in using the phone number at the website, e.g., +1 480-757-9435 (No local number support now)

==== Attendee ====

**Pls add ur name here before the meeting.**

  * Baohua Yang (TWGC)
  * Zhou Xing (IBM)
  * Linsheng Yu (ChainNova)
  * Yaoguo Jiang (Huawei)
  * Dijun Liu (CETC-CS)
  * Scott Long (Linux Foundation)
  * Zhong Tian (IBM)
  * Haixu Cheng (IBM)


==== Agenda ====
  - TSC meeting sync
    - [[https://docs.google.com/document/d/1OtGmVvHa_LDhIm5t1HEI7XwCQt1Lpr4gRmWixoJWQzg/edit|PSWG Group Chater]]
    - Nomination ongoing till 2017-08-16
  - [[groups/twgc/team_di | Team development and Innovation]] (Yaoguo and Ray Chen)
    - Code development on projects
  - [[groups/twgc/team_ie| Team i18n and Education ]] (Linsheng Yu, Wenjie Xie, Kewei Sun)
    - Finish translated 22 tech docs, need more reviewer.
    - Github solution evaluation（https://hyperledgercn.github.io/hyperledgerDocs/）.
  - [[groups/twgc/team_cs| Team Collaboration and Scenarios ]] (Yin Cao, Kelvin)
    - [[https://wiki.hyperledger.org/groups/twgc/team_cs|case collection ]] sharing
  - [[groups/twgc/team_eo| Team Event Organization ]] (Zhou Xing and Zhoudong Ji)
    - Meetup at Beijing: [[http://www.huodongxing.com/event/1398659377000|Hyperledger Meetup]]
  - other issues
    - SM2 support work for fabric (Zhenhua Dong, Dahai Zhang, Xueyang Han)
    - Hyperledger Fabric中文社区建设 (Zhangjiong Xuan)


==== Minutes ====
  - TSC meeting sync
    - [[https://docs.google.com/document/d/1OtGmVvHa_LDhIm5t1HEI7XwCQt1Lpr4gRmWixoJWQzg/edit|PSWG Group Chater]]
    - Nomination ongoing till 2017-08-16 PT
    - [[ https://www.regonline.com/hyperledgerhackfestseptember2017| September Hackfest in Chicago on September 21-22]]
  - [[groups/twgc/team_di | Team development and Innovation]] (Yaoguo and Ray Chen)
    - Code development on projects
    - Yaoguo: Other projects have no 1.0 release plan recently
    - Fabric 1.0 adoption questions are popular recently
  - [[groups/twgc/team_ie| Team i18n and Education ]] (Linsheng Yu, Wenjie Xie, Kewei Sun)
    - Finish translated 22 tech docs, need more reviewer.
    - Github solution has been evaluated（https://hyperledgercn.github.io/hyperledgerDocs/).
    - Jay suggest that Transifix, zanata are popular tools for i18n, we need to evaluate them.
    - Jay demo the usage of zanata, transifix is closed-source comparing to zanata. **May need infrastructure team support.**
    - **TODO**: Linsheng and Jay will lead the evaluation of Zanata, and try to help propose the i18n framework and process.
  - [[groups/twgc/team_cs| Team Collaboration and Scenarios ]] (Yin Cao, Kelvin)
    - [[https://wiki.hyperledger.org/groups/twgc/team_cs|case collection ]] sharing
    - Hai xu will join as volunteer
    - Haixu: DCA and China MINISTRY OF COMMERCE are collecting blockchain adoption cases, will help bridge with the community.
  - [[groups/twgc/team_eo| Team Event Organization ]] (Zhou Xing and Zhoudong Ji)
    - Meetup at Beijing: [[http://www.huodongxing.com/event/1398659377000 | Hyperledger Meetup]]
    - **TODO**: Tian Zhong: Regular meetup plan for marketing (Need to discuss in next meeting)
  - other issues
    - SM2 support work for fabric (Zhenhua Dong, Dahai Zhang, Xueyang Han)
      - Have done the internal code review, will learn how to contribute the code patchset. See [[https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-5496|FAB-5496]]
    - Hyperledger Fabric 中文社区建设 (Zhangjiong Xuan)
      - Everyone pls help discuss following the email thread