===== TWG China Meeting =====

==== Date ====
10AM ~ 11AM, 2017-03-29, GMT+8

Phone Number:
  * 800-820-0027 (toll free) 
  * 400-821-0751 (caller paid)
Passcode: 71173794

==== Attendee ====

Attendee, pls add ur name here before the meeting.

  * Baohua Yang
  * Kewei Sun
  * Shibo Lin
  * Ray Chen
  * Qilei Li
  * Wei Hu
  * Zhou Xing
  * Zerppen (wutongshu)

==== Agenda ====
  - TSC meeting sync (baohua, charles, victor)
    - go sdk project
  - Development and innovation sync (Yaoguo and Ray Chen)
    - code development on projects
    - mail-list, rocketchat activities
  - Scenario and Collaboration (Yin Cao)
    - interconnect sharing
  - Community development report (Ray Chen)
  - i18n and education work (kewei)
    - glossary
  - Last todo issues:
    - Scott: will help ask LF for local forum support
    - Ray Chen: report of hang zhou community work/status
  - other issues
    - 

==== Minute ====

  - TSC meeting sync (baohua, charles, victor)
    - go sdk project
    - fabric-composer project
  - Development and innovation sync (Yaoguo and Ray Chen)
    - code development on projects
      - fabric: 1.0-alpha release, 32 new patchsets, new sub-project (fab-sdk-go)
      - cello: 14 new patchsets
      - stl: 171 new patchsets
      - iroha: 107 new patchsets
    - mail-list, rocketchat activities
      - deployment question: fabric hackfest grpc timeout
    - **TODO: deployment&operational guiding draft**
  - Scenario and Collaboration (Yin Cao)
    - interconnect sharing
    - landing & poc
    - need some specific application cases, e.g., finance, healthcare, game, energy
    - resource to help project landing, e.g., PR, marketing
    - decentralized vs legacy architecture; Ethereum investment examples
    - **TODO: case book on case sharing**
  - i18n and education work (kewei)
    - glossary work is ongoing
    - network access problem to solve
    - **TODO: kewei sends wechat group to maillist**
  - Events organization (zhou xing)
    - Linux conf at June, Hyperledger day
    - Hyperledger online seminar is ongoing, plan to start a hands-on workshop (April or May)
    - **TODO: zhou sends workshop proposal to maillist**
  - Last todo issues:
    - Donald: will help ask LF for local forum support
    - Ray Chen: report of hang zhou community work/status
      - Qulian, yunxiang, 33.cn, Baoquan
  - other issues
    - Zhengming Xu: 1.0 release date, alpha in Mar, beta in April. Java SDK problem.
    - Shibo Lin: GetQueryResult function with couchdb will be available in v1.0 beta. But not appropriate for use in chaincode transaction logic. Any plan to improve this issue in GA version ?
