===== TWG China Meeting =====

==== Date ====
10AM ~ 11AM, 2017-02-15, GMT+8

==== Attendee ====

  * Baohua Yang
  * ZhouDong Ji
  * Kai Chen
  * Victor HU
  * Ray Chen
  * Yaoguo Jiang
  * Yin Cao
  * Scott Long
  * Shenglei Yang (new from alibaba health)
  * Sijie Wu (new, independent)

==== Agenda ====
  - TSC meeting sync (baohua, charles, victor)
    - Call for mentor for the summer school
    - Hackfest in SF: ~50 attendee, lots of great discussions
  - Tools: Hyperledger has migrated to Rocket.Chat (chat.hyperledger.org)
  - meetup/hackathon (zhou xing)
  - mail-list, rocketchat activities report (yaoguo and zhipeng)
  - Community development report (Ray Chen)
  - i18n work (kewei and zhoudong)
  - Linux conf/blockchain developer day: will be held in June, at Beijing.
    - Any suggestion on this blockchain developer day?
  - other issues

==== Minute ====
  - TSC meeting sync (baohua, charles, victor)
    - Call for mentor for the summer school
    - Hackfest in SF: ~50 attendee, lots of great discussions
  - Tools: Hyperledger has migrated to Rocket.Chat (chat.hyperledger.org)
    - Most people are already there.
  - meetup/hackathon (zhoudong)
    - venue placement are ready
    - environment setup
    - Energy-Blockchain will have a team to attend the hackathon
    - **TODO**: help pr with official announcement soon
  - mail-list, rocketchat activities report (yaoguo)
    - yaoguo: since the new year holiday, not many topics. Mostly on setup/get-started issues.
    - kewei sun: mail-list has some registration problem in last week, now fixed
    - sijie wu: long delay after registration
    - Can ask Todd (tbenzies@linuxfoundation.org) if meet any problem in mail-list
  - Community development report (Ray Chen)
    - In recent two weeks: fabric is the most active one, 125 patches, stl has 84 patches, iroha has 4 patches, cello has 10 patches.
    - fabric 1.0 new features (ca, gossip, etc) are most active component.
    - New contributors from wanda have 4 new patches in sdk and chaincode.
    - Wanda is preparing some javascript support.
    - We need to encourage more developers by helping low the entrance bar.
  - i18n work (kewei and zhoudong)
    - kewei: platform selection: have discussed OpenStack team, they are using .po files, we need to support .md files. Both transifex and zanata do not support .md.
    - **TODO**: terminology form, platform
    - zhoudong: guideline on setup/contribution
  - Linux conf/blockchain developer day: will be held in June, at Beijing. Any suggestion on this blockchain developer day?
    - shenglei and yin are interested to attend/help.
  - other issues
    - yin: shanghai meetup on energy-internet in March. 
    - scott: wechat public subscription account will be ready soon.
    - shenglei: suggest to have local mirror of the documentation.
    - kewei: where to put the documentation? Maybe use the official project (**TODO**: setup documentation project).