===== TWG China Meeting =====

==== Basic Info ====
10AM ~ 11AM, 2017-11-22, GMT+8

  * Option #1: Use computer to access [[ https://zoom.us/j/248676399 | zoom]] (Recommend using microphone and headset)
  * Option #2: Dial in using the [[https://zoom.us/zoomconference?m=mTUdEBuT33gjEcR54Rqsi1KmFyNgSLYP|phone number]]. E.g.,	400 669 9381 or 010-87833177 (Premium Toll) for China area.

[[https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1punUCr0mSZT9gMKCs3vCYqbWbjeS_RG-18ZrhkfwoYc/edit?ts=5a14dfdf | Antitrust Policy Notice]]

==== Attendee ====

**Pls add ur name here before the meeting.**

  * Baohua Yang
  * Allen Shao
  * Zhangjiong Xuan
  * Jessie Wong
  * Linsheng Yu
  * Zhujun He
  * Dijun Liu
  * Zhenhua Dong
  * Wan Yong
  * Sheng Huang
  * Jing Xiao Gu


==== Agenda ====
  - [[https://lists.hyperledger.org/g/tsc | TSC meetings sync]]
    - [[https://urldefense.proofpoint.com/v2/url?u=https-3A__www.regonline.com_hyperledgerhackfestdecember2017&d=DwMFaQ&c=jf_iaSHvJObTbx-siA1ZOg&r=33Ksn4bRkfEi53BOWQorz0ej6pr527Q2SbGcvZWUBSE&m=wnimYue_gFBJ8rFK_JfJeePiQBWAtqRGJyGSoRrLOIc&s=EqNVXqreZgeAYMQAtoU6UKx-1Z0IqQVNzjrOzoqSg18&e=|Lisbon Hackfest (December 5-6)]]
    - [[http://hlms17.sched.com/ | Hyperledger Summit Singapore]] Summary.
  - [[groups/twgc/team_di | Team development and Innovation]] (Yaoguo Jiang, Zhangjiong Xuan)
    - Code development on projects
  - [[groups/twgc/team_ie| Team i18n and Education ]] (Linsheng Yu, Jiannan Guo)
    - Process and zanata feedback
  - [[groups/twgc/team_cs| Team Collaboration and Scenarios ]] (Yin Cao, Kelvin, Haixu Cheng)
    - Welcome companies to share usage cases at [[https://wiki.hyperledger.org/groups/twgc/team_cs|case collection ]]
  - [[groups/twgc/team_eo| Team Event Organization ]] (Zhou Xing, Zhoudong Ji and Sheng Huang)
    - Shanghai Meetup report
    - **[[groups/twgc/team_eo| Call for sponsors]] for December Meetups.**
    - Call for HL member news, will select to publish through official wechat channel. Feel free to contact TWGC.
  - other issues
    - [[https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-5496 | SM2 support]] by  Zhenhua Dong, Dijun Liu
    - [[https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-6263 | MongoDB support]] by  huiq li (oxchain)
    - need suggestion of demo use case, which is a IBM Lab University Program by Wan Yong.
    - Others?


==== Minutes ====

  - [[https://lists.hyperledger.org/g/tsc | TSC meetings sync]]
    - [[https://urldefense.proofpoint.com/v2/url?u=https-3A__www.regonline.com_hyperledgerhackfestdecember2017&d=DwMFaQ&c=jf_iaSHvJObTbx-siA1ZOg&r=33Ksn4bRkfEi53BOWQorz0ej6pr527Q2SbGcvZWUBSE&m=wnimYue_gFBJ8rFK_JfJeePiQBWAtqRGJyGSoRrLOIc&s=EqNVXqreZgeAYMQAtoU6UKx-1Z0IqQVNzjrOzoqSg18&e=|Lisbon Hackfest (December 5-6)]]
    - [[http://hlms17.sched.com/ | Hyperledger Summit Singapore]] Summary: 200+ show up, 40+ from China company.
  - [[groups/twgc/team_di | Team Development and Innovation]] (Yaoguo Jiang, Zhangjiong Xuan)
    - Fabric: 1.1-preview is released;
    - Cello: new features are added with ansible driver; user-dashboard support is on-going.
    - Consensus discussions: kafka, and BFT
  - [[groups/twgc/team_ie| Team i18n and Education ]] (Linsheng Yu, Jiannan Guo)
    - Feedbacks: zanata is not easy to use, **TODO: will provide place to view result**
    - Some volunteers wanna translate design spec and create new notes, **TODO: we encourage more docs**
  - [[groups/twgc/team_cs| Team Collaboration and Scenarios ]] (Yin Cao, Kelvin, Haixu Cheng)
    - Welcome companies to share usage cases at [[https://wiki.hyperledger.org/groups/twgc/team_cs|case collection ]]
    - Will pick some to share through wechat channels
  - [[groups/twgc/team_eo| Team Event Organization ]] (Zhou Xing, Zhoudong Ji and Sheng Huang)
    - Shanghai Meetup report: 150~180 people show up, major are company employee
    - [[groups/twgc/team_eo| Call for sponsors]] for December Meetups.: **TODO: Beijing needs place, Wuhan needs speakers.**
    - Call for HL member news, will select to publish through official wechat channel. Feel free to contact TWGC.
  - other issues
    - [[https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-5496 | SM2 support]] by  Zhenhua Dong, Dijun Liu: **TODO: will share out design spec**
    - [[https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-6263 | MongoDB support]] by  huiq li (oxchain): **TODO: welcome for review**
    - Wan yong: need suggestion of demo use case, which is a IBM Lab University Program.