===== TWG China Meeting =====

==== Date ====
10AM ~ 11AM, 2017-09-13, GMT+8

[[https://www.uberconference.com/hyperledger-community | uberconference]]
  * option 1: Use the computer audio to connect in (Recommend using microphone and headset)
  * option 2: Dial in using the phone number at the website, e.g., +1 480-757-9435 (No local number support now)

[[https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/0B_NJV6eJXAA1R04zZ05FdE9WVGM | Audio record]]

==== Attendee ====

**Pls add ur name here before the meeting.**

  * Baohua Yang
  * Hao Han Hero （Anne inc.）
  * Zhangjiong Xuan(Hyperchain)
  * Scott Long(Linux Foundation)
  * Allen Shao
  * Kelvin Wang （Energy Chain）
  * Jing Cao(Hyperchain)
  * Jay Guo (IBM)


==== Agenda ====
  - Welcome Zhangjiong Xuan (from hyperchain) as new [[groups/tsc/technical-working-group-china | active volunteer]].
  - [[https://lists.hyperledger.org/g/tsc | TSC meetings sync]]
    - [[https://www.regonline.com/hyperledgerhackfestseptember2017 | Hackfest in Chicago, September 21&22]]
    - [[https://docs.google.com/document/d/1OtGmVvHa_LDhIm5t1HEI7XwCQt1Lpr4gRmWixoJWQzg | PSWG Charter]] Approved.
    - [[https://docs.google.com/document/d/1cwScsNgYUj72vP2fqZ6vihYiuQcy45Ml2C_yLRI7EoQ/edit?ts=59955891# | [HIP] Hyperledger Caliper - a benchmark framework for performance testing]]
    - [[https://docs.google.com/document/d/1KVrakb2JsqgMo2aG-QIYl743VHsU9NWYKxy7n-WeXv4/edit | [HIP] Hyperledger Interledger-Java]]
  - [[groups/twgc/team_di | Team development and Innovation]] (Yaoguo, Zhangjiong Xuan)
    - Code development on projects
  - [[groups/twgc/team_ie| Team i18n and Education ]] (Linsheng Yu, Jiannan Guo)
    - Zanata evaluation result.
    - Demo the entire process?
  - [[groups/twgc/team_cs| Team Collaboration and Scenarios ]] (Yin Cao, Kelvin, Haixu Cheng)
    - [[https://wiki.hyperledger.org/groups/twgc/team_cs|case collection ]] sharing
    - Haixu's feedback from TsingDao conf
  - [[groups/twgc/team_eo| Team Event Organization ]] (Zhou Xing and Zhoudong Ji)
    - Meetup for September, call for sponsors.
    - Regular monthly meetup plan.
    - 2017-09-16 Meetup at Pangu building in Beijing.（HaoHan.Hero,ChenChang,LaoDao） [[http://t.cn/RNJHbzY|huodongxing]]
  - other issues
    - [[https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ukZFkP11qF56vt-WmLsGI5BTex2wOOSl8-Ecp0Y8yOc/edit?usp=sharing | Fabric crypto technical report]] for CCSC (Zhenhua Dong), welcome for review and comments.
    - Technical FAQ collection (Zhou Xing and Jay Guo)


==== Minutes ====

  - Welcome Zhangjiong Xuan (from hyperchain) as new [[groups/tsc/technical-working-group-china | active volunteer]].
  - [[https://lists.hyperledger.org/g/tsc | TSC meetings sync]]
    - [[https://www.regonline.com/hyperledgerhackfestseptember2017 | Hackfest in Chicago, September 21&22]]
    - [[https://docs.google.com/document/d/1OtGmVvHa_LDhIm5t1HEI7XwCQt1Lpr4gRmWixoJWQzg | PSWG Charter]] Approved.
    - [[https://docs.google.com/document/d/1cwScsNgYUj72vP2fqZ6vihYiuQcy45Ml2C_yLRI7EoQ/edit?ts=59955891# | [HIP] Hyperledger Caliper - a benchmark framework for performance testing]]
    - [[https://docs.google.com/document/d/1KVrakb2JsqgMo2aG-QIYl743VHsU9NWYKxy7n-WeXv4/edit | [HIP] Hyperledger Interledger-Java]]
  - [[groups/twgc/team_di | Team development and Innovation]] (Yaoguo, Zhangjiong Xuan)
    - Code development on projects: fabric and cello made progress
    - Fabric
      - Fabric release 1.0.2
      - orderer reimplementation, to expect a 100% performance increasing
      - fabric sdk: node, java, python, go
      - TCert and SBFT are not implemented yet
    - Cello
      - New ansible driver to deploy fabric on baremetal and cloud
      - New vsphere driver to support vsphere cloud env
  - [[groups/twgc/team_ie| Team i18n and Education ]] (Linsheng Yu, Jiannan Guo)
    - Zanata evaluation done, will share the link to welcome more user evaluations.
    - Sign-off not supported to commit to git?
    - **TODO: Jay will connect to the CI team for jenkins plugin setup.**
  - [[groups/twgc/team_cs| Team Collaboration and Scenarios ]] (Yin Cao, Kelvin, Haixu Cheng)
    - [[https://wiki.hyperledger.org/groups/twgc/team_cs|case collection ]] sharing
    - **TODO: Haixu's feedback from TsingDao conf**
    - Call for more case sharing at [[groups/twgc/team_cs| here ]]
    - Allen Shao (AIIB) share the thoughts on encouraging more adoption cases.
  - [[groups/twgc/team_eo| Team Event Organization ]] (Zhou Xing and Zhoudong Ji)
    - 2 Meetups for September, 1 meetup for Octomber in plan. Regular monthly meetup plan.
    - Call for sponsors for more meetups, pls feel free to add at [[groups/twgc/team_eo| here ]].
  - other issues
    - [[https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ukZFkP11qF56vt-WmLsGI5BTex2wOOSl8-Ecp0Y8yOc/edit?usp=sharing | Fabric crypto technical report]] for CCSC (Zhenhua Dong), welcome for review and comments.
    - Technical FAQ collection (Zhou Xing and Jay Guo)
      - **TODO: Jay will share the link in maillist.**
    - 2017-09-16 Meetup at Pangu building in Beijing.（HaoHan,ChenChang,LaoDao） [[http://t.cn/RNJHbzY|huodongxing]]
    - Scott shared the info about 1worldblockchain