===== TWG China Meeting =====

==== Basic Info ====
10AM ~ 11AM, GMT+8 ([[/groups/twgc/meetings|Bi-weekly hosted]])

  * Option #1: Use computer to access [[ https://zoom.us/my/hyperledger.community | zoom]] (Recommend using microphone and headset)
  * Option #2: Dial in using the [[https://zoom.us/zoomconference?m=mTUdEBuT33gjEcR54Rqsi1KmFyNgSLYP|phone number]]. E.g.,	400 669 9381 or 010-87833177 (Premium Toll) for China area, code is 248676399.

  * [[https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1punUCr0mSZT9gMKCs3vCYqbWbjeS_RG-18ZrhkfwoYc/edit?ts=5a14dfdf | Antitrust Policy Notice]]
  * [[/community/calendar-public-meetings | community meeting calendar ]]

==== Attendee ====

**Feel free to add ur name here to attend the meeting.**

Attendees: 24

  * Baohua Yang
  * Zhenhua Zhao
  * Jay Guo
  * Scott Long
  * David Liu
  * Zhangjiong Xuan
  * Yong Wan
  * Vicky Wang
  * Dijun Liu

==== Agenda ====
  - [[https://lists.hyperledger.org/g/tsc | TSC meetings sync]]
    - [[https://events.linuxfoundation.org/events/hyperledger-global-forum-2018/|Hyperledger Global Forum, December 12-15 (Basel, Switzerland)]]
    - [[https://docs.google.com/document/d/1b6ES0bKUK30E2iZizy3vjVEhPn7IvsW5buDo7nFXBE0| Supply Chain Proposal]]
  - [[groups/twgc/team_di | Team development and Innovation]] (Zhangjiong Xuan, Yaoguo Jiang, Haitao Yue, Dijun Liu)
    - [[groups/twgc/faq|Technical FAQ update]].
    - [[https://chat.hyperledger.org/channel/fabric-crypto| fabric crypto discussions]]
    - Welcome code collaborators: issue for node-sdk: node 9+ compatibility and python-independent node_modules(david liu) 
    - blockly chaincode progress by Dijun Liu.
  - [[groups/twgc/team_ie| Team i18n and Education ]] (Lidong Guo, Jiang Lu, Xueting Zhou)
    - [[groups/twgc/team_ie/guideline| i18n work guideline]]
    - Progress of using blockchain to record contributions, e.g., translation.
    - Fabric documentation translation progress report (Lidong Guo)
  - [[groups/twgc/team_cs| Team Collaboration and Scenarios ]] (Yanqing Wang, Jian Chen)
    - Call for member companies's blockchain applications and cases:[[https://wiki.hyperledger.org/groups/twgc/team_cs| China members and cases ]]
    - Call for HL member news, will select to publish through official wechat channel. Feel free to [[twg-china@lists.hyperledger.org|contact TWGC]].
    - Community City Wechat groups(contact the admin to join): Beijing (a33443148), Shanghai (yudianbabasheng), Hangzhou (linalee1005), Dalian (cn8888898), Shenzhen (RichZhao), Wuhan (grapebaba), Hongkong(hwfighter1)
    - Collaboration progress with universities (scott).
  - [[groups/twgc/team_eo| Team Event Organization ]] (Jiannan Guo, Sheng Huang, Zhenhua Zhao, Kai Chen)
    - [[groups/twgc/events/guideline| Meetup guideline]]
    - **[[groups/twgc/team_eo| Meetups Discussions, Dec Plan]].** 
      - Beijing:
      - Shanghai: 11.17@Fudan Univ
      - Guangzhou:
      - Nanjing:
      - Shenzhen: 12.15
  - Other issues (Feel free to add here)


==== Minutes ====
  - [[https://lists.hyperledger.org/g/tsc | TSC meetings sync]]
    - [[https://events.linuxfoundation.org/events/hyperledger-global-forum-2018/|Hyperledger Global Forum, December 12-15 (Basel, Switzerland)]], registration close soon.
    - [[https://docs.google.com/document/d/1b6ES0bKUK30E2iZizy3vjVEhPn7IvsW5buDo7nFXBE0| Supply Chain Proposal]] call for review
  - [[groups/twgc/team_di | Team development and Innovation]] (Zhangjiong Xuan, Yaoguo Jiang, Haitao Yue, Dijun Liu)
    - [[groups/twgc/faq|Technical FAQ update]].
    - [[https://chat.hyperledger.org/channel/fabric-crypto| fabric crypto discussions]]
    - David proposed: issue for node-sdk: node 9+ compatibility and python-independent node_modules, call for more contributors.
    - Dijun discussed the sm2 support work. Will continue to work at both fabric side and [[https://docs.google.com/document/d/1JtFT5L-82egj6shgGXzTsNAg6_UHuMheKfsst6NS_Xo/edit|crypto lib ]]side. Call for more contributors.
  - [[groups/twgc/team_ie| Team i18n and Education ]] (Lidong Guo, Jiang Lu, Xueting Zhou)
    - [[groups/twgc/team_ie/guideline| i18n work guideline]]
    - Lidong reported the progress of using blockchain to record contributions, and there are several todo issues, will consider to have another meeting to discuss them.
    - Scott suggested not using official brand now till tsc approval
  - [[groups/twgc/team_cs| Team Collaboration and Scenarios ]] (Yanqing Wang, Jian Chen)
    - Call for member companies's blockchain applications and cases:[[https://wiki.hyperledger.org/groups/twgc/team_cs| China members and cases ]]
    - Call for HL member news, will select to publish through official wechat channel. Feel free to [[twg-china@lists.hyperledger.org|contact TWGC]].
    - Community City Wechat groups(contact the admin to join): Beijing (a33443148), Shanghai (yudianbabasheng), Hangzhou (linalee1005), Dalian (cn8888898), Shenzhen (RichZhao), Wuhan (grapebaba), Hongkong(hwfighter1)
  - [[groups/twgc/team_eo| Team Event Organization ]] (Jiannan Guo, Sheng Huang, Zhenhua Zhao, Kai Chen)
    - [[groups/twgc/events/guideline| Meetup guideline]]
    - **[[groups/twgc/team_eo| Meetups Discussions, Dec Plan]].** 
      - Beijing: To be at the end of Dec
      - Shanghai: 11.17@Fudan Univ
      - Nanjing: Scott plans
      - Shenzhen: 12.15 by Tencent Cloud
  - Other issues (Feel free to add here)