===== TWG China Meeting =====

==== Basic Info ====
10AM ~ 11AM, 2018-02-28, GMT+8

  * Option #1: Use computer to access [[ https://zoom.us/j/248676399 | zoom]] (Recommend using microphone and headset)
  * Option #2: Dial in using the [[https://zoom.us/zoomconference?m=mTUdEBuT33gjEcR54Rqsi1KmFyNgSLYP|phone number]]. E.g.,	400 669 9381 or 010-87833177 (Premium Toll) for China area, code is 248676399.

[[https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1punUCr0mSZT9gMKCs3vCYqbWbjeS_RG-18ZrhkfwoYc/edit?ts=5a14dfdf | Antitrust Policy Notice]]

==== Attendee ====

**Pls add ur name here before the meeting.**

  * Baohua Yang
  * Haitao Yue
  * Jean-Christophe Taillandier
  * Hengming Zhang
  * Norbert Huang
  * Sheng Huang
  * Zhangjiong Xuan
  * Scott Long
  * Dijun Liu
  * Jay Guo


==== Agenda ====
  - [[https://lists.hyperledger.org/g/tsc | TSC meetings sync]]
    - 2018 Hackfest planning: February 20-22 | Los Angeles, April 29 - May 1 | Dubai (tentative -- more details soon), June 27-29 | Amsterdam
  - [[groups/twgc/team_di | Team development and Innovation]] (Yaoguo Jiang, Zhangjiong Xuan, Haitao Yue)
    - [[https://github.com/hyperledger/fabric/releases/tag/v1.0.6|Fabric 1.0.6]]  is released
  - [[groups/twgc/team_ie| Team i18n and Education ]] (Linsheng Yu, Jiannan Guo)
    - [[groups/twgc/faq|Technical FAQ update]].
    - Help on edx course translation.
  - [[groups/twgc/team_cs| Team Collaboration and Scenarios ]] (Yin Cao, Kelvin, Haixu Cheng)
    - Welcome companies to share usage cases at [[https://wiki.hyperledger.org/groups/twgc/team_cs|case collection ]]
    - Call for HL member news, will select to publish through official wechat channel. Feel free to contact TWGC.
  - [[groups/twgc/team_eo| Team Event Organization ]] (Jiannan Guo, Sheng Huang)
    - **[[groups/twgc/team_eo| Call for meetup plans]] for year 2018.** 
    - Dalian meetup discuss(March 10th,zhangrui, grapebaba)
    - [RFC] [[groups/twgc/events/guideline | Regular Meetup organizing guideline (draft)]]
    - Meetup plan discussion in 2018 by Scott
  - Other issues
    - Feel free to add here

==== Minutes ====
  - [[https://lists.hyperledger.org/g/tsc | TSC meetings sync]]
    - 2018 Hackfest planning: February 20-22 | Los Angeles, April 29 - May 1 | Dubai (tentative -- more details soon), June 27-29 | Amsterdam
  - [[groups/twgc/team_di | Team development and Innovation]] (Yaoguo Jiang, Zhangjiong Xuan, Haitao Yue)
    - [[https://github.com/hyperledger/fabric/releases/tag/v1.0.6|Fabric 1.0.6]]  is released
    - Dijun shared the SM2 design docs and have other people reviewed
  - [[groups/twgc/team_ie| Team i18n and Education ]] (Linsheng Yu, Jiannan Guo)
    - [[groups/twgc/faq|Technical FAQ update]].
    - Help on edx course translation. **Tracy told julian is help collaboration with more volunteers**
  - [[groups/twgc/team_cs| Team Collaboration and Scenarios ]] (Yin Cao, Kelvin, Haixu Cheng)
    - Welcome companies to share usage cases at [[https://wiki.hyperledger.org/groups/twgc/team_cs|case collection ]]
    - Call for HL member news, will select to publish through official wechat channel. Feel free to contact TWGC.
    - ** Yanbo mentioned they would like to share a usage case.**
  - [[groups/twgc/team_eo| Team Event Organization ]] (Jiannan Guo, Sheng Huang)
    - **[[groups/twgc/team_eo| Call for meetup plans]] for year 2018.** 
    - Dalian meetup discuss(March 10th,zhangrui, grapebaba)
      - **Zhangrui will share the meetup link out, twgc volunteers will help promote.**
    - [RFC] [[groups/twgc/events/guideline | Regular Meetup organizing guideline (draft)]]
      - ** Lots of discussions, no concern there. Jiannan will share the link to maillist to see if any more ideas **
    - Meetup plan discussion in 2018 by Scott
      - ** Scott will share the plan out to call for comments**