a:206:{i:0;a:3:{i:0;s:14:"document_start";i:1;a:0:{}i:2;i:0;}i:1;a:3:{i:0;s:6:"p_open";i:1;a:0:{}i:2;i:0;}i:2;a:3:{i:0;s:5:"cdata";i:1;a:1:{i:0;s:14:"### 2017-03-03";}i:2;i:1;}i:3;a:3:{i:0;s:7:"p_close";i:1;a:0:{}i:2;i:15;}i:4;a:3:{i:0;s:6:"p_open";i:1;a:0:{}i:2;i:15;}i:5;a:3:{i:0;s:5:"cdata";i:1;a:1:{i:0;s:11:"#### Agenda";}i:2;i:17;}i:6;a:3:{i:0;s:7:"p_close";i:1;a:0:{}i:2;i:28;}i:7;a:3:{i:0;s:6:"p_open";i:1;a:0:{}i:2;i:28;}i:8;a:3:{i:0;s:5:"cdata";i:1;a:1:{i:0;s:15:"* [Jira board](";}i:2;i:30;}i:9;a:3:{i:0;s:12:"externallink";i:1;a:2:{i:0;s:64:"https://jira.hyperledger.org/secure/RapidBoard.jspa?rapidView=85";i:1;N;}i:2;i:45;}i:10;a:3:{i:0;s:5:"cdata";i:1;a:1:{i:0;s:60:") status. There are several old tasks need to be clear soon.";}i:2;i:109;}i:11;a:3:{i:0;s:7:"p_close";i:1;a:0:{}i:2;i:169;}i:12;a:3:{i:0;s:10:"listu_open";i:1;a:0:{}i:2;i:169;}i:13;a:3:{i:0;s:13:"listitem_open";i:1;a:1:{i:0;i:1;}i:2;i:169;}i:14;a:3:{i:0;s:16:"listcontent_open";i:1;a:0:{}i:2;i:169;}i:15;a:3:{i:0;s:5:"cdata";i:1;a:1:{i:0;s:16:" Yan: [FAB-697](";}i:2;i:173;}i:16;a:3:{i:0;s:12:"externallink";i:1;a:2:{i:0;s:43:"https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-697";i:1;N;}i:2;i:189;}i:17;a:3:{i:0;s:5:"cdata";i:1;a:1:{i:0;s:13:"), [FAB-738](";}i:2;i:232;}i:18;a:3:{i:0;s:12:"externallink";i:1;a:2:{i:0;s:43:"https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-738";i:1;N;}i:2;i:245;}i:19;a:3:{i:0;s:5:"cdata";i:1;a:1:{i:0;s:1:")";}i:2;i:288;}i:20;a:3:{i:0;s:17:"listcontent_close";i:1;a:0:{}i:2;i:289;}i:21;a:3:{i:0;s:14:"listitem_close";i:1;a:0:{}i:2;i:289;}i:22;a:3:{i:0;s:13:"listitem_open";i:1;a:1:{i:0;i:1;}i:2;i:289;}i:23;a:3:{i:0;s:16:"listcontent_open";i:1;a:0:{}i:2;i:289;}i:24;a:3:{i:0;s:5:"cdata";i:1;a:1:{i:0;s:16:" Fan: [FAB-737](";}i:2;i:293;}i:25;a:3:{i:0;s:12:"externallink";i:1;a:2:{i:0;s:43:"https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-737";i:1;N;}i:2;i:309;}i:26;a:3:{i:0;s:5:"cdata";i:1;a:1:{i:0;s:1:")";}i:2;i:352;}i:27;a:3:{i:0;s:17:"listcontent_close";i:1;a:0:{}i:2;i:353;}i:28;a:3:{i:0;s:14:"listitem_close";i:1;a:0:{}i:2;i:353;}i:29;a:3:{i:0;s:11:"listu_close";i:1;a:0:{}i:2;i:353;}i:30;a:3:{i:0;s:6:"p_open";i:1;a:0:{}i:2;i:353;}i:31;a:3:{i:0;s:5:"cdata";i:1;a:1:{i:0;s:13:"* [Patchset](";}i:2;i:354;}i:32;a:3:{i:0;s:12:"externallink";i:1;a:2:{i:0;s:58:"https://gerrit.hyperledger.org/r/#/q/project:fabric-sdk-py";i:1;N;}i:2;i:367;}i:33;a:3:{i:0;s:5:"cdata";i:1;a:1:{i:0;s:101:") for review.
* MVP design and implementation progress (kai and chang help drive this).
* [SDK Spec](";}i:2;i:425;}i:34;a:3:{i:0;s:12:"externallink";i:1;a:2:{i:0;s:79:"https://docs.google.com/document/d/1R5RtIBMW9fZpli37E5Li5_Q9ve3BnQ4q3gWmGZj6Sv4";i:1;N;}i:2;i:526;}i:35;a:3:{i:0;s:5:"cdata";i:1;a:1:{i:0;s:39:") is publicly available.
* Other issues";}i:2;i:605;}i:36;a:3:{i:0;s:7:"p_close";i:1;a:0:{}i:2;i:644;}i:37;a:3:{i:0;s:6:"p_open";i:1;a:0:{}i:2;i:644;}i:38;a:3:{i:0;s:5:"cdata";i:1;a:1:{i:0;s:13:"#### Attendee";}i:2;i:646;}i:39;a:3:{i:0;s:7:"p_close";i:1;a:0:{}i:2;i:659;}i:40;a:3:{i:0;s:6:"p_open";i:1;a:0:{}i:2;i:659;}i:41;a:3:{i:0;s:5:"cdata";i:1;a:1:{i:0;s:48:"* Baohua Yang
* Kai Chen
* Chang Chen
* Ray Chen";}i:2;i:661;}i:42;a:3:{i:0;s:7:"p_close";i:1;a:0:{}i:2;i:709;}i:43;a:3:{i:0;s:6:"p_open";i:1;a:0:{}i:2;i:709;}i:44;a:3:{i:0;s:5:"cdata";i:1;a:1:{i:0;s:8:"#### Log";}i:2;i:712;}i:45;a:3:{i:0;s:7:"p_close";i:1;a:0:{}i:2;i:720;}i:46;a:3:{i:0;s:6:"p_open";i:1;a:0:{}i:2;i:720;}i:47;a:3:{i:0;s:5:"cdata";i:1;a:1:{i:0;s:3:"```";}i:2;i:722;}i:48;a:3:{i:0;s:7:"p_close";i:1;a:0:{}i:2;i:726;}i:49;a:3:{i:0;s:6:"header";i:1;a:3:{i:0;s:13:"Meeting Start";i:1;i:4;i:2;i:726;}i:2;i:726;}i:50;a:3:{i:0;s:12:"section_open";i:1;a:1:{i:0;i:4;}i:2;i:726;}i:51;a:3:{i:0;s:6:"p_open";i:1;a:0:{}i:2;i:726;}i:52;a:3:{i:0;s:5:"cdata";i:1;a:1:{i:0;s:32:"meeting starts!
today's agenda: ";}i:2;i:749;}i:53;a:3:{i:0;s:12:"externallink";i:1;a:2:{i:0;s:72:"https://wiki.hyperledger.org/projects/fabric-sdk-py/meetings/20170303.md";i:1;N;}i:2;i:781;}i:54;a:3:{i:0;s:5:"cdata";i:1;a:1:{i:0;s:134:"
item #1: jira board checking. will encourage everyone to update the task status @bryanhuang @tcz001 pls help update those two items.
";}i:2;i:853;}i:55;a:3:{i:0;s:12:"externallink";i:1;a:2:{i:0;s:43:"https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-697";i:1;N;}i:2;i:987;}i:56;a:3:{i:0;s:5:"cdata";i:1;a:1:{i:0;s:1:"
";}i:2;i:1030;}i:57;a:3:{i:0;s:12:"externallink";i:1;a:2:{i:0;s:43:"https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-738";i:1;N;}i:2;i:1031;}i:58;a:3:{i:0;s:5:"cdata";i:1;a:1:{i:0;s:1:"
";}i:2;i:1074;}i:59;a:3:{i:0;s:12:"externallink";i:1;a:2:{i:0;s:43:"https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-737";i:1;N;}i:2;i:1075;}i:60;a:3:{i:0;s:5:"cdata";i:1;a:1:{i:0;s:87:"
oops, three ones üôÇ
any question on the jira board?
@ray seems u wanna say sth?
ü§ì";}i:2;i:1118;}i:61;a:3:{i:0;s:7:"p_close";i:1;a:0:{}i:2;i:1205;}i:62;a:3:{i:0;s:6:"p_open";i:1;a:0:{}i:2;i:1205;}i:63;a:3:{i:0;s:5:"cdata";i:1;a:1:{i:0;s:51:"ray 11:03 AM
yep, I made it, will join you all
üòâ";}i:2;i:1207;}i:64;a:3:{i:0;s:7:"p_close";i:1;a:0:{}i:2;i:1258;}i:65;a:3:{i:0;s:6:"p_open";i:1;a:0:{}i:2;i:1258;}i:66;a:3:{i:0;s:5:"cdata";i:1;a:1:{i:0;s:108:"baohua 11:03 AM
thanks, glad to have u here, remember to add ur name to the list
OK, item #2: gerrit items: ";}i:2;i:1260;}i:67;a:3:{i:0;s:12:"externallink";i:1;a:2:{i:0;s:58:"https://gerrit.hyperledger.org/r/#/q/project:fabric-sdk-py";i:1;N;}i:2;i:1368;}i:68;a:3:{i:0;s:7:"p_close";i:1;a:0:{}i:2;i:1426;}i:69;a:3:{i:0;s:6:"p_open";i:1;a:0:{}i:2;i:1426;}i:70;a:3:{i:0;s:5:"cdata";i:1;a:1:{i:0;s:17:"ray 11:03 AM
sure";}i:2;i:1428;}i:71;a:3:{i:0;s:7:"p_close";i:1;a:0:{}i:2;i:1445;}i:72;a:3:{i:0;s:6:"p_open";i:1;a:0:{}i:2;i:1445;}i:73;a:3:{i:0;s:5:"cdata";i:1;a:1:{i:0;s:144:"baohua 11:04 AM
last week we made great progress on mvp, thanks everyone!
@david_dornseifer would u like to take care of the proposed patchset? ";}i:2;i:1447;}i:74;a:3:{i:0;s:12:"externallink";i:1;a:2:{i:0;s:41:"https://gerrit.hyperledger.org/r/#/c/6181";i:1;N;}i:2;i:1591;}i:75;a:3:{i:0;s:5:"cdata";i:1;a:1:{i:0;s:185:". Thanks!
this one remains for two weeks, need to update soon üôÇ
@grapebaba @lafenicecc
will u help sync the status of our mvp?
i saw lots of progress, need to clarify the next steps.";}i:2;i:1632;}i:76;a:3:{i:0;s:7:"p_close";i:1;a:0:{}i:2;i:1817;}i:77;a:3:{i:0;s:6:"p_open";i:1;a:0:{}i:2;i:1817;}i:78;a:3:{i:0;s:5:"cdata";i:1;a:1:{i:0;s:57:"lafenicecc 11:06 AM
how's the signature issue? @grapebaba";}i:2;i:1819;}i:79;a:3:{i:0;s:7:"p_close";i:1;a:0:{}i:2;i:1876;}i:80;a:3:{i:0;s:6:"p_open";i:1;a:0:{}i:2;i:1876;}i:81;a:3:{i:0;s:5:"cdata";i:1;a:1:{i:0;s:30:"grapebaba 11:06 AM
still block";}i:2;i:1878;}i:82;a:3:{i:0;s:7:"p_close";i:1;a:0:{}i:2;i:1908;}i:83;a:3:{i:0;s:6:"p_open";i:1;a:0:{}i:2;i:1908;}i:84;a:3:{i:0;s:5:"cdata";i:1;a:1:{i:0;s:49:"baohua 11:07 AM
guess @tcz001 is working on this?";}i:2;i:1910;}i:85;a:3:{i:0;s:7:"p_close";i:1;a:0:{}i:2;i:1959;}i:86;a:3:{i:0;s:6:"p_open";i:1;a:0:{}i:2;i:1959;}i:87;a:3:{i:0;s:5:"cdata";i:1;a:1:{i:0;s:41:"grapebaba 11:07 AM
yeah, hope he can help";}i:2;i:1961;}i:88;a:3:{i:0;s:7:"p_close";i:1;a:0:{}i:2;i:2002;}i:89;a:3:{i:0;s:6:"p_open";i:1;a:0:{}i:2;i:2002;}i:90;a:3:{i:0;s:5:"cdata";i:1;a:1:{i:0;s:67:"baohua 11:07 AM
great, pls keep syncing
other issues to do for mvp?";}i:2;i:2004;}i:91;a:3:{i:0;s:7:"p_close";i:1;a:0:{}i:2;i:2071;}i:92;a:3:{i:0;s:6:"p_open";i:1;a:0:{}i:2;i:2071;}i:93;a:3:{i:0;s:5:"cdata";i:1;a:1:{i:0;s:52:"lafenicecc 11:08 AM
how about the protos path issue?";}i:2;i:2073;}i:94;a:3:{i:0;s:7:"p_close";i:1;a:0:{}i:2;i:2125;}i:95;a:3:{i:0;s:6:"p_open";i:1;a:0:{}i:2;i:2125;}i:96;a:3:{i:0;s:5:"cdata";i:1;a:1:{i:0;s:40:"grapebaba 11:08 AM
alreay fixed
üëç 2  ";}i:2;i:2127;}i:97;a:3:{i:0;s:7:"p_close";i:1;a:0:{}i:2;i:2167;}i:98;a:3:{i:0;s:6:"p_open";i:1;a:0:{}i:2;i:2167;}i:99;a:3:{i:0;s:5:"cdata";i:1;a:1:{i:0;s:24:"lafenicecc 11:08 AM
üëç";}i:2;i:2169;}i:100;a:3:{i:0;s:7:"p_close";i:1;a:0:{}i:2;i:2193;}i:101;a:3:{i:0;s:6:"p_open";i:1;a:0:{}i:2;i:2193;}i:102;a:3:{i:0;s:5:"cdata";i:1;a:1:{i:0;s:102:"baohua 11:09 AM
so now we can pickup protos from fabric code directly without any modification?
great!";}i:2;i:2195;}i:103;a:3:{i:0;s:7:"p_close";i:1;a:0:{}i:2;i:2297;}i:104;a:3:{i:0;s:6:"p_open";i:1;a:0:{}i:2;i:2297;}i:105;a:3:{i:0;s:5:"cdata";i:1;a:1:{i:0;s:21:"grapebaba 11:09 AM
no";}i:2;i:2299;}i:106;a:3:{i:0;s:7:"p_close";i:1;a:0:{}i:2;i:2320;}i:107;a:3:{i:0;s:6:"p_open";i:1;a:0:{}i:2;i:2320;}i:108;a:3:{i:0;s:5:"cdata";i:1;a:1:{i:0;s:102:"baohua 11:09 AM
ooops
üêß
aha, we still need to use abstract path in the import `xxxx`
e.g., `import ";}i:2;i:2322;}i:109;a:3:{i:0;s:18:"doublequoteopening";i:1;a:0:{}i:2;i:2424;}i:110;a:3:{i:0;s:5:"cdata";i:1;a:1:{i:0;s:30:"hfc/protos/common/common.proto";}i:2;i:2425;}i:111;a:3:{i:0;s:18:"doublequoteclosing";i:1;a:0:{}i:2;i:2455;}i:112;a:3:{i:0;s:5:"cdata";i:1;a:1:{i:0;s:51:";`
but the `package` should keep unchanged
correct?";}i:2;i:2456;}i:113;a:3:{i:0;s:7:"p_close";i:1;a:0:{}i:2;i:2507;}i:114;a:3:{i:0;s:6:"p_open";i:1;a:0:{}i:2;i:2507;}i:115;a:3:{i:0;s:5:"cdata";i:1;a:1:{i:0;s:22:"grapebaba 11:11 AM
yes";}i:2;i:2509;}i:116;a:3:{i:0;s:7:"p_close";i:1;a:0:{}i:2;i:2531;}i:117;a:3:{i:0;s:6:"p_open";i:1;a:0:{}i:2;i:2531;}i:118;a:3:{i:0;s:5:"cdata";i:1;a:1:{i:0;s:79:"baohua 11:11 AM
ok. @ray i remember u've helped a serialization item last week?";}i:2;i:2533;}i:119;a:3:{i:0;s:7:"p_close";i:1;a:0:{}i:2;i:2612;}i:120;a:3:{i:0;s:6:"p_open";i:1;a:0:{}i:2;i:2612;}i:121;a:3:{i:0;s:5:"cdata";i:1;a:1:{i:0;s:51:"ray 11:12 AM
Yes, that's already merged into master";}i:2;i:2614;}i:122;a:3:{i:0;s:7:"p_close";i:1;a:0:{}i:2;i:2665;}i:123;a:3:{i:0;s:6:"p_open";i:1;a:0:{}i:2;i:2665;}i:124;a:3:{i:0;s:5:"cdata";i:1;a:1:{i:0;s:59:"baohua 11:12 AM
thanks, and feel free to pick other tasks: ";}i:2;i:2667;}i:125;a:3:{i:0;s:12:"externallink";i:1;a:2:{i:0;s:64:"https://jira.hyperledger.org/secure/RapidBoard.jspa?rapidView=85";i:1;N;}i:2;i:2726;}i:126;a:3:{i:0;s:5:"cdata";i:1;a:1:{i:0;s:67:"
Also, welcome to help on new ones like refining the documentation.";}i:2;i:2790;}i:127;a:3:{i:0;s:7:"p_close";i:1;a:0:{}i:2;i:2857;}i:128;a:3:{i:0;s:6:"p_open";i:1;a:0:{}i:2;i:2857;}i:129;a:3:{i:0;s:5:"cdata";i:1;a:1:{i:0;s:179:"documentation is complained too much recently on the fabric project üòû
i would encourage everyone too to help on the documentation, it's very important for open-source projects!";}i:2;i:2861;}i:130;a:3:{i:0;s:7:"p_close";i:1;a:0:{}i:2;i:3040;}i:131;a:3:{i:0;s:6:"p_open";i:1;a:0:{}i:2;i:3040;}i:132;a:3:{i:0;s:5:"cdata";i:1;a:1:{i:0;s:56:"lafenicecc 11:14 AM
what documentation, give an example?";}i:2;i:3042;}i:133;a:3:{i:0;s:7:"p_close";i:1;a:0:{}i:2;i:3098;}i:134;a:3:{i:0;s:6:"p_open";i:1;a:0:{}i:2;i:3098;}i:135;a:3:{i:0;s:5:"cdata";i:1;a:1:{i:0;s:395:"baohua 11:14 AM
e.g., we have making lots of change on the structure.
some notes on the design structure/how to use the mvp would be appreciated.
no users wanna learn how to use the software from reading the source code.
üòú 1  
although i guess this will lead to a better understanding üêå
@lafenicecc btw, would u like to help check the jira tasks and confirm the current status are correct?";}i:2;i:3100;}i:136;a:3:{i:0;s:7:"p_close";i:1;a:0:{}i:2;i:3495;}i:137;a:3:{i:0;s:6:"p_open";i:1;a:0:{}i:2;i:3495;}i:138;a:3:{i:0;s:5:"cdata";i:1;a:1:{i:0;s:23:"lafenicecc 11:16 AM
yes";}i:2;i:3497;}i:139;a:3:{i:0;s:7:"p_close";i:1;a:0:{}i:2;i:3520;}i:140;a:3:{i:0;s:6:"p_open";i:1;a:0:{}i:2;i:3520;}i:141;a:3:{i:0;s:5:"cdata";i:1;a:1:{i:0;s:23:"baohua 11:16 AM
thanks!";}i:2;i:3522;}i:142;a:3:{i:0;s:7:"p_close";i:1;a:0:{}i:2;i:3545;}i:143;a:3:{i:0;s:6:"p_open";i:1;a:0:{}i:2;i:3545;}i:144;a:3:{i:0;s:5:"cdata";i:1;a:1:{i:0;s:169:"ray 11:16 AM
@baohua sure, and I am helping track the ca modules recently, will sync if any progress is made
 baohua 11:12 AM
thanks, and feel free to pick other tasks: ";}i:2;i:3547;}i:145;a:3:{i:0;s:12:"externallink";i:1;a:2:{i:0;s:64:"https://jira.hyperledger.org/secure/RapidBoard.jspa?rapidView=85";i:1;N;}i:2;i:3716;}i:146;a:3:{i:0;s:7:"p_close";i:1;a:0:{}i:2;i:3780;}i:147;a:3:{i:0;s:6:"p_open";i:1;a:0:{}i:2;i:3780;}i:148;a:3:{i:0;s:5:"cdata";i:1;a:1:{i:0;s:27:"baohua 11:16 AM
thanks ray!";}i:2;i:3782;}i:149;a:3:{i:0;s:7:"p_close";i:1;a:0:{}i:2;i:3809;}i:150;a:3:{i:0;s:6:"p_open";i:1;a:0:{}i:2;i:3809;}i:151;a:3:{i:0;s:5:"cdata";i:1;a:1:{i:0;s:121:"lafenicecc 11:17 AM
The fabric and node sdk codes are changing fast. I suppose each task owner has the responsibility of ";}i:2;i:3811;}i:152;a:3:{i:0;s:6:"entity";i:1;a:1:{i:0;s:3:"...";}i:2;i:3932;}i:153;a:3:{i:0;s:5:"cdata";i:1;a:1:{i:0;s:20:" keep it up-to-date?";}i:2;i:3935;}i:154;a:3:{i:0;s:7:"p_close";i:1;a:0:{}i:2;i:3955;}i:155;a:3:{i:0;s:6:"p_open";i:1;a:0:{}i:2;i:3955;}i:156;a:3:{i:0;s:5:"cdata";i:1;a:1:{i:0;s:69:"baohua 11:18 AM
the fabric code is going stable now. but the node sdk";}i:2;i:3957;}i:157;a:3:{i:0;s:6:"entity";i:1;a:1:{i:0;s:3:"...";}i:2;i:4026;}i:158;a:3:{i:0;s:5:"cdata";i:1;a:1:{i:0;s:93:". i guess we will be fine after finishing the mvp with minor updates. good suggestion anyway.";}i:2;i:4029;}i:159;a:3:{i:0;s:7:"p_close";i:1;a:0:{}i:2;i:4122;}i:160;a:3:{i:0;s:6:"p_open";i:1;a:0:{}i:2;i:4122;}i:161;a:3:{i:0;s:5:"cdata";i:1;a:1:{i:0;s:22:"lafenicecc 11:18 AM
ok";}i:2;i:4124;}i:162;a:3:{i:0;s:7:"p_close";i:1;a:0:{}i:2;i:4146;}i:163;a:3:{i:0;s:6:"p_open";i:1;a:0:{}i:2;i:4146;}i:164;a:3:{i:0;s:5:"cdata";i:1;a:1:{i:0;s:47:"baohua 11:18 AM
ok, item#4. the sdk link is at ";}i:2;i:4148;}i:165;a:3:{i:0;s:12:"externallink";i:1;a:2:{i:0;s:79:"https://docs.google.com/document/d/1R5RtIBMW9fZpli37E5Li5_Q9ve3BnQ4q3gWmGZj6Sv4";i:1;N;}i:2;i:4195;}i:166;a:3:{i:0;s:5:"cdata";i:1;a:1:{i:0;s:279:"
hope everyone already be familiar with that.
#item 5: other issues?
some not-good-news, our sdk-py summer internship proposal seems not be accepted by LF.
however, we can work around in other ways, e.g., let's share in those campus events. specially, this hackathon in shanghai.";}i:2;i:4274;}i:167;a:3:{i:0;s:7:"p_close";i:1;a:0:{}i:2;i:4553;}i:168;a:3:{i:0;s:6:"p_open";i:1;a:0:{}i:2;i:4553;}i:169;a:3:{i:0;s:5:"cdata";i:1;a:1:{i:0;s:57:"and for this, the documentation is important, again. üê∫";}i:2;i:4557;}i:170;a:3:{i:0;s:7:"p_close";i:1;a:0:{}i:2;i:4614;}i:171;a:3:{i:0;s:6:"p_open";i:1;a:0:{}i:2;i:4614;}i:172;a:3:{i:0;s:5:"cdata";i:1;a:1:{i:0;s:102:"grapebaba 11:21 AM
I have a design change in recent mvp patch
not follow node SDK, maybe we could talk";}i:2;i:4616;}i:173;a:3:{i:0;s:7:"p_close";i:1;a:0:{}i:2;i:4718;}i:174;a:3:{i:0;s:6:"p_open";i:1;a:0:{}i:2;i:4718;}i:175;a:3:{i:0;s:5:"cdata";i:1;a:1:{i:0;s:114:"baohua 11:21 AM
exactly, the node sdk is a reference.
let's make the py sdk better with those pythonic magics
üé∫";}i:2;i:4720;}i:176;a:3:{i:0;s:7:"p_close";i:1;a:0:{}i:2;i:4834;}i:177;a:3:{i:0;s:6:"p_open";i:1;a:0:{}i:2;i:4834;}i:178;a:3:{i:0;s:5:"cdata";i:1;a:1:{i:0;s:60:"grapebaba 11:22 AM
the most difference is about Chain Object";}i:2;i:4836;}i:179;a:3:{i:0;s:7:"p_close";i:1;a:0:{}i:2;i:4896;}i:180;a:3:{i:0;s:6:"p_open";i:1;a:0:{}i:2;i:4896;}i:181;a:3:{i:0;s:5:"cdata";i:1;a:1:{i:0;s:84:"baohua 11:22 AM
sure, would u like to discuss here or offline, both are fine with me";}i:2;i:4898;}i:182;a:3:{i:0;s:7:"p_close";i:1;a:0:{}i:2;i:4982;}i:183;a:3:{i:0;s:6:"p_open";i:1;a:0:{}i:2;i:4982;}i:184;a:3:{i:0;s:5:"cdata";i:1;a:1:{i:0;s:72:"grapebaba 11:23 AM
node SDK put createchannel method in the Chain Object";}i:2;i:4984;}i:185;a:3:{i:0;s:7:"p_close";i:1;a:0:{}i:2;i:5056;}i:186;a:3:{i:0;s:6:"p_open";i:1;a:0:{}i:2;i:5056;}i:187;a:3:{i:0;s:5:"cdata";i:1;a:1:{i:0;s:20:"baohua 11:23 AM
yes?";}i:2;i:5058;}i:188;a:3:{i:0;s:7:"p_close";i:1;a:0:{}i:2;i:5078;}i:189;a:3:{i:0;s:6:"p_open";i:1;a:0:{}i:2;i:5078;}i:190;a:3:{i:0;s:5:"cdata";i:1;a:1:{i:0;s:151:"grapebaba 11:24 AM
however i understand the multiple channels actual multiple chains
So that i use chain object per channel
this is the main difference";}i:2;i:5080;}i:191;a:3:{i:0;s:7:"p_close";i:1;a:0:{}i:2;i:5231;}i:192;a:3:{i:0;s:6:"p_open";i:1;a:0:{}i:2;i:5231;}i:193;a:3:{i:0;s:5:"cdata";i:1;a:1:{i:0;s:330:"baohua 11:26 AM
ok, well, i guess this is a definition problem. currently we agree each channel has separate ledger. we can discuss this more whether pick the 1chain-1channel model.
but definitely we have 1 network üôÇ
Ok, any more issues to discuss today?
Ok, then will end the meeting, thanks everyone and have nice weekend!‚õπ";}i:2;i:5233;}i:194;a:3:{i:0;s:7:"p_close";i:1;a:0:{}i:2;i:5563;}i:195;a:3:{i:0;s:6:"p_open";i:1;a:0:{}i:2;i:5563;}i:196;a:3:{i:0;s:5:"cdata";i:1;a:1:{i:0;s:37:"ray 11:28 AM
have a good weekend üôÇ";}i:2;i:5565;}i:197;a:3:{i:0;s:7:"p_close";i:1;a:0:{}i:2;i:5602;}i:198;a:3:{i:0;s:13:"section_close";i:1;a:0:{}i:2;i:5604;}i:199;a:3:{i:0;s:6:"header";i:1;a:3:{i:0;s:11:"Meeting End";i:1;i:4;i:2;i:5604;}i:2;i:5604;}i:200;a:3:{i:0;s:12:"section_open";i:1;a:1:{i:0;i:4;}i:2;i:5604;}i:201;a:3:{i:0;s:6:"p_open";i:1;a:0:{}i:2;i:5604;}i:202;a:3:{i:0;s:5:"cdata";i:1;a:1:{i:0;s:3:"```";}i:2;i:5624;}i:203;a:3:{i:0;s:7:"p_close";i:1;a:0:{}i:2;i:5627;}i:204;a:3:{i:0;s:13:"section_close";i:1;a:0:{}i:2;i:5627;}i:205;a:3:{i:0;s:12:"document_end";i:1;a:0:{}i:2;i:5627;}}