====== Requirement WG Minutes - March 25th, 2016 ======

At the face-to-face (FTF) meeting, we:

  *  Further developed the [[groups:requirements:use-case-template|use case template]].
  *  Developed several use case titles (financial and non-financial).
  *  Developed varying levels of content for each - none of them are to the point where we can clearly derive requirements.
  *  Found several people who are interested in helping with use cases.

----

Here is the [[groups:requirements:use-case-inventory|Use Case Index]].

Feel free to add new use cases or edit any of the existing use cases. If you'd like to commit to work on a use case, please edit it and put your name in it, indicating interest.

----

The Requirement WG will commence regular meetings soon. We will start by identifying a good day and time.

----

We've had some discussions about bringing in some industry experts (e.g. shipping industry) to give us their use cases. Chris and Patrick to follow up on this with Linux Foundation.
