a:2:{s:7:"current";a:9:{s:4:"date";a:2:{s:7:"created";i:1496289164;s:8:"modified";i:1496371499;}s:7:"creator";s:11:"Baohua Yang";s:4:"user";s:6:"baohua";s:11:"last_change";a:7:{s:4:"date";i:1496374064;s:2:"ip";s:11:"106.38.0.75";s:4:"type";s:1:"e";s:2:"id";s:40:"projects:fabric-sdk-py:meetings:20170602";s:4:"user";s:6:"baohua";s:3:"sum";s:0:"";s:5:"extra";s:0:"";}s:5:"title";s:10:"2017-06-02";s:11:"description";a:2:{s:15:"tableofcontents";a:1:{i:0;a:4:{s:3:"hid";s:15:"section20170602";s:5:"title";s:10:"2017-06-02";s:4:"type";s:2:"ul";s:5:"level";i:3;}}s:8:"abstract";s:339:"2017-06-02

Meeting will be held at rocketchat at 11AM (GMT+8).

Agenda

	*  MVP remaining tasks: kai will sync.
	*  E2E test: Chao Li will sync
	*  FAB-3885: Wei Hu will help sync
	*   Jira board  status
	*   Patchset for review. 
	*   testchainid is not supported any more.
	*   SDK Spec is publicly available.
	*  Other issues

Attendee";}s:8:"internal";a:2:{s:5:"cache";b:1;s:3:"toc";b:1;}s:8:"relation";a:1:{s:10:"firstimage";s:0:"";}s:11:"contributor";a:2:{s:5:"WeiHu";s:6:"Wei Hu";s:11:"tonyyang132";s:9:"Tony Yang";}}s:10:"persistent";a:5:{s:4:"date";a:2:{s:7:"created";i:1496289164;s:8:"modified";i:1496371499;}s:7:"creator";s:11:"Baohua Yang";s:4:"user";s:6:"baohua";s:11:"last_change";a:7:{s:4:"date";i:1496374064;s:2:"ip";s:11:"106.38.0.75";s:4:"type";s:1:"e";s:2:"id";s:40:"projects:fabric-sdk-py:meetings:20170602";s:4:"user";s:6:"baohua";s:3:"sum";s:0:"";s:5:"extra";s:0:"";}s:11:"contributor";a:2:{s:5:"WeiHu";s:6:"Wei Hu";s:11:"tonyyang132";s:9:"Tony Yang";}}}