### 2016-11-11

#### Agenda

* [Jira work](https://jira.hyperledger.org/secure/RapidBoard.jspa?rapidView=85) review (kai)
* Everyone review the [Patchset](https://gerrit.hyperledger.org/r/#/q/status:open+project:fabric-sdk-py)
* Suggest read the spec and attend the discussion
 * [SDK Spec](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1R5RtIBMW9fZpli37E5Li5_Q9ve3BnQ4q3gWmGZj6Sv4)
 * [hyperledger-fabric-protobuf-message-and-flow](https://files.slack.com/files-pri/T0J024XGA-F2VB5FXJ4/download/hyperledger-fabric-protobuf-messages-and-flow.pdf)
* Other issues

#### Attendee

* Baohua
* Kai Chen
* Chuanjian
* Bryan
* Latitia

#### Log

```
=== Meeting Start ===

11:00]  
Baohua Yang	OK, let’s start

[11:00]  
the meeting agenda is here: https://wiki.hyperledger.org/projects/fabric-sdk-py/meetings/20161111.md

[11:00]  
Item 1: Jira work review (kai)

[11:00]  
@grapebaba any comments?

[11:01]  
Kai Chen	suggest split member class implementation

[11:01]  
as now it should include many features

[11:01]  
it is better for us to pick up sub task

[11:02]  
Baohua Yang	Agree, who is the owner of the member class story now?

[11:02]  
Bryan HUANG	already splited to 3 tasks

[11:02]  
Kai Chen	thanks

[11:03]  
Bryan HUANG	Transaction related functions
Basic attribute functions
Register, enroll functions

[11:03]  
Baohua Yang	i saw 6 sub-tasks on Membership Registration and Enrollment

[11:03]  
Bryan HUANG	is it okay

[11:03]  
Baohua Yang	I suggest we make each sub-task as small as could be finished within a week.

[11:04]  
@bryan-huang Could you help check that?

[11:04]  
Bryan HUANG	sure, will split to more smaller

[11:04]  
Baohua Yang	Cool and thanks~~

[11:05]  
any more comments on item1?

[11:05]  
Kai Chen	yes

[11:05]  
i have a question

[11:05]  
do we have a docker-compose to do E2E test now?

[11:06]  
Baohua Yang	yes, we have one, but not finish the E2E checking now.

[11:06]  
the docker-compose just boot a sdk and chain, with connecting them together.

[11:07]  
are u expecting to run test using it in ci or?

[11:07]  
Kai Chen	As i and @lhaskins works on some V1.0 API

[11:07]  
but V1.0 is not ready

[11:07]  
Baohua Yang	Yes

[11:07]  
Kai Chen	it seems not easy to test

[11:08]  
Baohua Yang	understand, we cannot do real test today until 1.0 works.

[11:08]  
Latitia Haskins	Should I switch to pick up a subtask from that Jira issue instead of working on the peer? I can work on the testing certain parts that are in place with you as needed

[11:08]  
Baohua Yang	So i suggest we may try to use tools like mock, any better idea?

[11:09]  
Latitia Haskins	For example the happy path with a solo orderer, 1 peer, and ca

[11:09]  
Baohua Yang	@lhaskins feel free to talk to those work/story owners and make update. The jira is just a tool  to help collaborate.

[11:10]  
Latitia Haskins	ok. will do

[11:10]  
Baohua Yang	IMHO, we first make it work, then keep improving.

[11:10]  
Kai Chen	@lhaskins maybe we can follow what node SDK do

[11:10]  
Baohua Yang	dislike reviewing a huge patchset submitted :slightly_smiling_face:

[11:10]  
Agree @grapebaba

[11:10]  
Kai Chen	I will try to do that

[11:10]  
Baohua Yang	currently we already have a good ref from nodejs

[11:11]  
OK. any more?

[11:11]  
Kai Chen	no comment for item1

[11:11]  
Bryan HUANG	I have a question on the release supporting,

[11:11]  
do we need support both 0.6 and 1.0 ?

[11:11]  
Baohua Yang	is it related to jira work?

[11:12]  
if not, we can discuss as other issues

[11:12]  
@bryan-huang how do u think?

[11:12]  
Bryan HUANG	my thinking is 1.0

[11:12]  
only

[11:13]  
:slightly_smiling_face:

[11:13]  
Baohua Yang	@bryan-huang so i will move to item2, and then discuss the releasing problem later.

[11:13]  
:slightly_smiling_face:

[11:13]  
Bryan HUANG	sure, thx

[11:13]  
Baohua Yang	Item 2: Everyone review the Patchset

[11:13]  
https://gerrit.hyperledger.org/r/#/q/status:open+project:fabric-sdk-py

[11:13]  
Kai Chen	agree @bryan-huang

[11:14]  
Baohua Yang	We get lots patchset to review, everyone please help throw your voting there :slightly_smiling_face:

[11:14]  
Any question on those patchsets?

[11:14]  
Kai Chen	make some comments

[11:15]  
Baohua Yang	Item 3: SDK spec: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1R5RtIBMW9fZpli37E5Li5_Q9ve3BnQ4q3gWmGZj6Sv4

[11:15]
slackbot BOT That looks like a Google Drive link. Do you want us to import it and all future Google Drive links from you?
Yes • Just this once • Not now • Never
Only visible to you

[11:15]  
Baohua Yang	We made lots of update on SDK spec this week.

[11:15]  
I highly recommend everyone to involve into the discussion, making comments, etc.

[11:16]  
There is a meeting at 8PM tonight.

[11:16]  
Meeting link: https://mydtcc.webex.com/mydtcc/j.php?MTID=md41d422ecf1067beb48aa27cf7d3ff40

Participant Pin Code: 893 074 1
 mydtcc.webex.com
Depository Trust and Clearing Corporatio WebEx Enterprise Site
9 

[11:16]  
More meeting info can be found at https://wiki.hyperledger.org/groups/fabric-sdk/fabric-sdk-wg

[11:16]  
OK, any questions on that?

[11:17]  
Latitia Haskins	Is that 8pm your time? orUTC?

[11:17]  
Baohua Yang	yes, 8pm for UTC+8.

[11:17]  
Latitia Haskins	ok. I probably will be asleep :slightly_smiling_face:

[11:17]  
Baohua Yang	And next one is 10AM(UTC+8) next Tuesday

[11:18]  
Then will recommend you look at the spec doc.

[11:18]  
Latitia Haskins	ok. will do

[11:18]  
Baohua Yang	btw, what is the time now for you latitia

[11:18]  
Latitia Haskins	10:18pm

[11:18]  
Baohua Yang	aha, EST timezone

[11:18]  
not too bad for you :slightly_smiling_face:

[11:18]  
Kai Chen	ok

[11:19]  
Baohua Yang	OK, will move to item 4: other issues.

[11:19]  
@bryan-huang

[11:19]  
the releasing problem?

[11:19]  
Bryan HUANG	yep

[11:19]  
Kai Chen	agree only focus V1.0

[11:20]  
Bryan HUANG	:+1:

[11:20]  
Kai Chen	I think we have no much time:stuck_out_tongue:

[11:20]  
Baohua Yang	if anyone want to use 0.6, i guess he can adopt the original code repo at https://github.com/yeasy/hyperledger-py
 GitHub
yeasy/hyperledger-py
hyperledger-py - Python SDK for hyperledger fabric 
 
 

[11:20]  
OK, @lhaskins

[11:20]  
latitia, can u help make a brief self-introduction?

[11:20]  
it’s great to have you

[11:21]  
Kai Chen	:clap:

[11:21]  
Latitia Haskins	Thanks! I work for IT People corp working on building test tools for IBM's test team here in NC

[11:22]  
Bryan HUANG	Raleigh?

[11:22]  
Latitia Haskins	Yes :slightly_smiling_face:

[11:22]  
Bryan HUANG	cool

[11:22]  
Latitia Haskins	I'm very excited to be able to work on the SDK as well

[11:22]  
Baohua Yang	great, welcome! and feel free to input your info at https://wiki.hyperledger.org/projects/fabric-sdk-py.md. There is a member table.

[11:22]  
Bryan HUANG	:clap:

[11:22]  
Latitia Haskins	I will be part-time working with you guys and part time with the test tool

[11:23]  
Thanks!

[11:23]  
Baohua Yang	Cool~

[11:23]  
any other issues to discuss today?

[11:23]  
Kai Chen	we are all part-time :joy:

[11:23]  
Latitia Haskins	:smile:

[11:24]  
Baohua Yang	we have 7 mins left, any more issues?

[11:24]  
6 mins now :slightly_smiling_face:

[11:25]  
Kai Chen	i have not seen endorser API in the spec

[11:25]  
Baohua Yang	The endorser? thought should have some.

[11:25]  
will check and talk to you later.

[11:26]  
Bryan HUANG	the 1.0 preview will be released in next weeks, right ?

[11:26]  
next two weeks

[11:26]  
Baohua Yang	i do not know the release time, we can ask in fabric-dev channel.

[11:26]  
Bryan HUANG	ok

[11:27]  
Baohua Yang	OK, in summary, kai and bryan-huang will review the jira board; everyone will review the patchset and SDK spec; and welcome new contributor: @lhaskins .

[11:27]  
Latitia Haskins	Yes, there is a basic preview with only 1 peer in master now, but kafka and multi-peer is supposed to be ready in 2 weeks.

[11:28]  
Baohua Yang	cool, thanks for the upate

[11:28]  
any more question? if no other issue, will end the meeting.

[11:28]  
Bryan HUANG	@lhaskins thx

[11:29]  
Baohua Yang	OK, thanks everyone for the joining, have a nice weekend!

[11:29]  
Latitia Haskins	You too!

[11:29]  
Bryan HUANG	thx, bye

new messages
[11:30]  
Kai Chen	bye
=== Meeting End === 
```