### 2016-12-16

#### Agenda

* [Jira board](https://jira.hyperledger.org/secure/RapidBoard.jspa?rapidView=85) status syncing.
  * Jianhua will help create a code docstring style guideline task
  * Chang is working on a quick booted fabric 1.0 test env (https://gerrit.hyperledger.org/r/#/c/3317/).
* [Patchset](https://gerrit.hyperledger.org/r/#/q/status:open+project:fabric-sdk-py) under review.
* [SDK Spec](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1R5RtIBMW9fZpli37E5Li5_Q9ve3BnQ4q3gWmGZj6Sv4) is publicly available.
* Other issues

#### Attendee

* Baohua
* Qiang Wang
* Chang Chen
* David Geng
* Lei Li
* Bryan Huang

#### Log

```
=== Meeting Start ===
11:00]  
Baohua Yang OK

[11:00]  
today’s agenda is at https://wiki.hyperledger.org/projects/fabric-sdk-py/meetings/20161209.md

[11:01]  
Bryan HUANG :hand:

[11:01]  
Baohua Yang item 1: https://jira.hyperledger.org/secure/RapidBoard.jspa?rapidView=85 jira board work status

[11:01]  
Chuanjian Wang :hand:

[11:01]  
Baohua Yang @grapebaba i guess you made some update last week? I marked several finished items as done

[11:01]  
lei li :hand:

[11:02]  
Baohua Yang @hgabor is working on Fab-801

[11:02]  
We need more people to volunteer.

[11:03]  
Any one interested on the FAB-802?

[11:03]  
the base class for peer

[11:04]  
lei li i would like to

[11:04]  
Baohua Yang sure, will assign it to li lei

[11:04]  
lei li Ok

[11:04]  
Baohua Yang FAB-803 is for chain class. who want to pick this?

[11:05]  
OK, i may assign it to @qiang first, who lead the design.

[11:06]  
Wang Qiang ok

[11:06]  
Baohua Yang @gengjh jianhua is not present, but Jianhua will help create a code docstring style guideline task.

[11:06]  
sure

[11:06]  
Bryan HUANG he is on site today

[11:06]  
Baohua Yang he propose this week on the docstring style, very helpful.

[11:06]  
sure, bryan, will he attend or you can share the info to him?

[11:07]  
Bryan HUANG sure, will share to him

[11:07]  
Baohua Yang thanks

[11:07]  
item 2: https://gerrit.hyperledger.org/r/#/q/status:open+project:fabric-sdk-py

[11:07]  
@lhaskins has a patchset of 2351.

[11:08]  
and he should rebase the code to solve merge problem.

[11:08]  
@grapebaba, when will 2457 be ready for review?

[11:08]  
https://gerrit.hyperledger.org/r/#/c/2457/

[11:09]  
Kai Chen i need check if order service is ready

[11:09]  
Baohua Yang sure.

[11:10]  
Kai Chen the data interface not ready when I started

[11:10]  
Chang Chen :hand: sorry i'm late

[11:10]  
Baohua Yang yes, please keep close watching on fabric, it is changing quickly.

[11:11]  
item 3: The SDK is more stable now, encourage everyone to review. https://docs.google.com/document/d/1R5RtIBMW9fZpli37E5Li5_Q9ve3BnQ4q3gWmGZj6Sv4

[11:11]  
the spec

[11:12]  
And recently the fabric 1.0 code already supports a simple workflow.

[11:12]  
We need a quick booted fabric 1.0 test env (Can ref Node.js SDK)

[11:12]  
Anyone can help on this work?

[11:12]  
Chang Chen :hand:

[11:12]  
i can help

[11:13]  
Baohua Yang sure, chang, please help create a task on jira, and assign to yourself.

[11:13]  
OK, and do we have other issue wanna to talk today?

[11:14]  
About the patchset, we encourage small change with fixed goal.

[11:15]  
OK, if no other issue, let’s keep close touch offline, and we will end the meeting.

[11:15]  
Thanks everyone and have a nice weekend!

[11:15]  
Bryan HUANG :clap:

[11:16]  
Kai Chen :clap:

[21:43]  
Latitia Haskins My apologies for missing the scrum. I have been working on the connectathon for next weekend.  I will abandon the patch set that I have since someone else is working on the base class.


----- December 10th -----
[16:26]  
Baohua Yang sure, have a nice weekend @lhaskins


----- December 13th -----
[09:43]  
David Geng https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-1379 task has been opened, will update our readme in this week.

[11:18]  
Baohua Yang Thanks, @gengjh

[11:19]  
@lafenicecc have u create the env setup task? or do u need some help?

[16:42]  
Chang Chen @baohua do you mean FAB-1319?

[16:43]  
Baohua Yang sure


----- Yesterday December 15th, 2016 -----
[10:50]  
Baohua Yang @lhaskins @gengjh @seego @bryan-huang @lafenicecc @qiang

[10:50]  
hi, we will have meeting tmr morning, the agenda is at https://wiki.hyperledger.org/projects/fabric-sdk-py/meetings/20161216.md, please feel free to update the items and attendee list. Next 2 weeks we have holidays, may cancel. Thanks!

[23:01]  
Latitia Haskins Sounds good. Thx!


----- Today December 16th, 2016 -----
[10:55]  
Baohua Yang We will start meeting in 5 mins!

[10:56]  
@qiang @lafenicecc @gengjh @seego @lhaskins

[10:57]  
lei li Ok

[10:59]  
Baohua Yang Ok, attendee pls help hands up

[11:00]  
Meeting Start

[11:00]  
Today’s agenda is at https://wiki.hyperledger.org/doku.php?id=projects/fabric-sdk-py/meetings/20161216.md

[11:00]  
lei li :hand:

[11:00]  
Wang Qiang :hand:

[11:01]  
Baohua Yang item 1: jira board status update: https://jira.hyperledger.org/secure/RapidBoard.jspa?rapidView=85

[11:01]  
Every task owner please help check the status and update to latest info.

[11:01]  
lei li Ok

[11:01]  
Baohua Yang thanks lei!

[11:01]  
@gengjh Jianhua will help create a code docstring style guideline task.  How’s that going?

[11:02]  
David Geng hi

[11:02]  
Baohua Yang aha, got u

[11:02]  
Bryan HUANG :hand:

[11:03]  
sorry, Im late

[11:03]  
Baohua Yang thanks bryan

[11:03]  
saw several tasks assigned to u

[11:03]  
pls help update the status byran~

[11:03]  
David Geng i am busy on product release recently, for the guideline task, I will try to finish it at this weekend.

[11:04]  
Baohua Yang thanks jianhua!

[11:04]  
pls help create a task at the jira board first, then we will know that was assigned :slightly_smiling_face:

[11:04]  
OK

[11:04]  
Chang is working on a quick booted fabric 1.0 test env. @lafenicecc any update?

[11:05]  
aha, seems chang is offline, will come back to this later.

[11:05]  
Chang Chen please help review my patch

[11:06]  
Baohua Yang thanks chang, pls post ur patch link.

[11:06]  
and i encourage everyone post his patchset after make a commit, to call for review.

[11:06]  
David Geng sure

[11:06]  
Chang Chen and currently do we have official v1.0 docker images?

[11:07]  
Baohua Yang noop, we still need a local image building

[11:07]  
Chang Chen https://gerrit.hyperledger.org/r/#/c/3317/

[11:07]  
Baohua Yang the latest tag for building is 0.7.x

[11:07]  
thanks chang, everyone pls help review the patchset

[11:07]  
lei li Sure

[11:08]  
Baohua Yang thanks lei

[11:08]  
and let’s finish the review in this week.

[11:08]  
ok, the sdk spec part: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1R5RtIBMW9fZpli37E5Li5_Q9ve3BnQ4q3gWmGZj6Sv4

[11:08]
slackbot BOT That looks like a Google Drive link. Do you want us to import it and all future Google Drive links from you?
Yes • Just this once • Not now • Never
Only visible to you

[11:08]  
Baohua Yang do not see much update this week.

[11:08]  
anyone have question on the spec?

[11:08]  
Bryan HUANG yes

[11:09]  
Baohua Yang sure bryan

[11:09]  
Bryan HUANG in doc, there is a link for cop sdk, but no permission, how to apply it

[11:09]  
Baohua Yang can u post the link?

[11:09]  
Bryan HUANG sure

[11:09]  
hold on

[11:11]  
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1TO-sdHGpn8ifB9C_pH_y54H75Rx0RdXvZih7-lhsLII/edit

[11:12]  
Baohua Yang are u find it from the reference part?

[11:12]  
David Geng @lafenicecc for the sdk-py docker-compose, does that mean we need not membersrvc any more? and cop is merged into fabric-order containter?

[11:12]  
Bryan HUANG here: The design for the client of the optional member service implementation (aka COP) is described in  a separate document .

[11:13]  
oh, seems I have the permission to view now

[11:13]  
Baohua Yang it’s read only i think. but you should view

[11:13]  
David Geng i only have view permission

[11:13]  
Bryan HUANG it’s okay

[11:13]  
Baohua Yang yeap. that’s right

[11:14]  
OK. @lafenicecc do you have some instant answer to jianhua’s question?

[11:15]  
Chang Chen i will add the cop image later

[11:15]  
Baohua Yang thanks chang

[11:15]  
David Geng ok, thx

[11:15]  
Baohua Yang Ok, is there any other issue to discuss, everyone?

[11:15]  
Bryan HUANG btw, since the membersrvc sdk was a separated one, so do we need add it to py sdk?

[11:16]  
Baohua Yang it should be part of the entire SDK

[11:16]  
i suggest we make the py sdk a full-functional one currently, how do u think?

[11:18]  
and sure we can begin with simpler implementation, let’s say, without membersrvc for the first stage.

[11:18]  
Bryan HUANG I saw its a separated lib in node sdk

[11:18]  
so I think we need refine the structure

[11:18]  
gotta roll, boss

[11:18]  
boss’s meeting

[11:18]  
:disappointed:

[11:18]  
Baohua Yang hmm, that’s architecture design, even with separate cop sdk, it’s up to our team :slightly_smiling_face:

[11:18]  
sure

[11:19]  
any other issue to talk?

[11:19]  
OK, if no other issue, will end the meeting. Have a nice weekend and holidays!

[11:19]  
Thanks!
=== Meeting End ===
```