### 2016-11-18

#### Agenda

* Everyone review the [Patchset](https://gerrit.hyperledger.org/r/#/q/status:open+project:fabric-sdk-py)
* Suggest read the spec and attend the discussion
 * [SDK Spec](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1R5RtIBMW9fZpli37E5Li5_Q9ve3BnQ4q3gWmGZj6Sv4)
 * [hyperledger-fabric-protobuf-message-and-flow](https://files.slack.com/files-pri/T0J024XGA-F2VB5FXJ4/download/hyperledger-fabric-protobuf-messages-and-flow.pdf)
* Other issues

#### Attendee

* Baohua
* Kai Chen
* Latitia Haskins
* Lei Li


#### Log

```
=== Meeting Start ===
11:00]  
Baohua Yang	OK, let’s start on time

[11:00]  
@grapebaba great u’re here

[11:00]  
before reviewing, any other issue to propose? :slightly_smiling_face:

[11:00]  
Kai Chen	no

[11:01]  
Baohua Yang	https://gerrit.hyperledger.org/r/#/q/status:open+project:fabric-sdk-py

[11:01]  
OK, the list is here

[11:01]  
Let’s review following time order

[11:01]  
1697: https://gerrit.hyperledger.org/r/#/c/1697/

[11:02]  
I suggest to abandon this first, it’s not mergeable now

[11:02]  
Kai Chen	agree

[11:02]  
Latitia Haskins	agree

[11:02]  
Kai Chen	we can do that later

[11:03]  
Latitia Haskins	(sorry that I’m late)

[11:03]  
Baohua Yang	@lhaskins good to have u here :slightly_smiling_face:

[11:03]  
today we will focusing on review existing patchset

[11:03]  
Kai Chen	if we need distinguish internal and user log

[11:03]  
Baohua Yang	https://gerrit.hyperledger.org/r/#/q/status:open+project:fabric-sdk-py

[11:04]  
yes? @grapebaba

[11:04]  
so we kept patchset @1697 now?

[11:05]  
Kai Chen	abandon at this point

[11:05]  
just follow requests library style right now

[11:06]  
Baohua Yang	OK, abandoned

[11:06]  
next one: https://gerrit.hyperledger.org/r/#/c/2089/

[11:06]  
@gengjh jianhua has comments on @seego ‘s patchset

[11:07]  
Kai Chen	yes

[11:07]  
Latitia Haskins	It looks like there are still some outstanding changes that need to be made

[11:07]  
Kai Chen	need a little change

[11:07]  
Baohua Yang	we do not have @gengjh i guess

[11:07]  
but he gave +1 on this.

[11:07]  
i suggest we may merge it first, and refine later. how do u think

[11:08]  
Kai Chen	agree

[11:08]  
Latitia Haskins	agree

[11:08]  
Baohua Yang	@lhaskins @grapebaba  please give +1 or +2

[11:08]  
thanks

[11:09]  
merged

[11:09]  
next one: https://gerrit.hyperledger.org/r/#/c/2351/

[11:10]  
Latitia Haskins	I still have to make changes per the latest comments

[11:10]  
Baohua Yang	see several comments from @grapebaba

[11:10]  
yes, @lhaskins please help submit a new change

[11:11]  
is that ok?

[11:11]  
Kai Chen	i go through the node code

[11:11]  
Latitia Haskins	yes - will do

[11:11]  
Kai Chen	it seems they make it more complex

[11:12]  
in my mind this may be not need

[11:13]  
Baohua Yang	which one is not needed?

[11:13]  
Latitia Haskins	ah. do you propose that this change is abandoned?

[11:14]  
I was thinking that we could set defaults here, but maybe you have something else in mind?

[11:15]  
Baohua Yang	what’s your opinion, kai?

[11:15]  
i guess this base class model should be fine in python

[11:16]  
Kai Chen	it should composition

[11:16]  
and a factory function is enough

[11:17]  
Baohua Yang	maybe that design is too complex for just two classes here?

[11:17]  
Kai Chen	the purpose is only construct a grpc channel

[11:17]  
Baohua Yang	i suggest you talk to latitia offline, to a better solution.

[11:17]  
is that ok?

[11:18]  
Kai Chen	ok

[11:18]  
actually, i already make that in my patchset

[11:18]  
Baohua Yang	https://gerrit.hyperledger.org/r/#/c/2019/

[11:18]  
also from @seego

[11:18]  
lei li	yes

[11:19]  
Kai Chen	@lhaskins after you reviewd, we can make an agreement

[11:19]  
Baohua Yang	Seems there’s several extra spaces in the file, and ci fails

[11:19]  
great we have you here @seego

[11:19]  
i suggest you remove those useless spaces and make a new change, how do you think?

[11:20]  
@hgabor also give a comment

[11:20]  
lei li	atually, i make another patchset to make the ci pass

[11:20]  
Baohua Yang	oh, really? i didnt notice

[11:21]  
Kai Chen	yes

[11:21]  
Baohua Yang	then you can abandon this

[11:21]  
Kai Chen	which  we just reviewd

[11:21]  
Baohua Yang	aha, found that

[11:21]  
lei li	ok

[11:21]  
Baohua Yang	ok, please abandon this 2019

[11:21]  
lei li	thks

[11:21]  
Baohua Yang	next one: https://gerrit.hyperledger.org/r/#/c/2457/

[11:22]  
any comments on it?

[11:22]  
Latitia Haskins	It looks like it’s still being worked on?

[11:22]  
Baohua Yang	@grapebaba

[11:23]  
there’s WIP flag

[11:23]  
Kai Chen	yes

[11:23]  
need test

[11:23]  
Baohua Yang	ok, when is planed to be OK for review

[11:23]  
Kai Chen	i need mock a grpc server to test

[11:23]  
Baohua Yang	cool

[11:24]  
Kai Chen	not sure

[11:24]  
Baohua Yang	ok, let’s keep it in wait list

[11:24]  
and next one: https://gerrit.hyperledger.org/r/#/c/2283/

[11:24]  
please help add your points or comments

[11:25]  
from @gengjh

[11:25]  
i saw all positive points

[11:25]  
Kai Chen	can merge

[11:25]  
Baohua Yang	so we can merge?

[11:25]  
OK

[11:25]  
merged

[11:25]  
next: https://gerrit.hyperledger.org/r/#/c/2287/

[11:26]  
from @gengjh  too

[11:26]  
aha, seems can merge, too

[11:26]  
Kai Chen	yes

[11:26]  
Baohua Yang	@lhaskins @seego how do u think?

[11:26]  
Latitia Haskins	yes

[11:27]  
Baohua Yang	ok, merged

[11:27]  
next: https://gerrit.hyperledger.org/r/#/c/2089/

[11:27]  
from @seego

[11:27]  
aha, can it merge with all positive comments?

[11:28]  
Latitia Haskins	yes

[11:28]  
Baohua Yang	@grapebaba

[11:28]  
Will merge it later, and the authors please help update the status on jira task board.

[11:29]  
OK, any more issues to discuss today?

[11:29]  
OK, if no issues

[11:30]  
then let’s end the meeting, thanks everyone, and have a nice weekend!

new messages
[11:30]  
Latitia Haskins	you too!
=== Meeting End ===
```