
### 2016-11-04

#### Agenda

* Zhaofang will introduce the SDK meeting status
* Suggestion about JIRA work item
 * Create a set of tasks after picking up the story, every task should be within 1 week.
* Everyone review the [Patchset](https://gerrit.hyperledger.org/r/#/q/status:open+project:fabric-sdk-py)
* Suggest read the
 * [SDK Spec](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1R5RtIBMW9fZpli37E5Li5_Q9ve3BnQ4q3gWmGZj6Sv4)
 * [hyperledger-fabric-protobuf-message-and-flow](https://files.slack.com/files-pri/T0J024XGA-F2VB5FXJ4/download/hyperledger-fabric-protobuf-messages-and-flow.pdf)
* Other issues

#### Attendee

* Baohua
* Chang Chen
* Kai Chen
* ZhaoFang Han
* Jianhua Geng
* Chuanjian Wang

#### Log

```
=== Meeting Start === 
10:59]  
Baohua Yang @hanhzf are u there?

[11:00]  
OK, let’s start

[11:00]  
today’s agenda is at https://wiki.hyperledger.org/projects/fabric-sdk-py/meetings/20161104.md

[11:01]  
@hanhzf might be not in, so we ignore the 1st item.

[11:01]  
Kai proposed a suggestion about the JIRA work item

[11:01]  
Suggestion about JIRA work item
Create a set of tasks after picking up the story, every task should be within 1 week.

[11:01]  
@grapebaba can u give your comments?

[11:02]  
zhaofang han hi, sorry for late , just back from a meeting

[11:02]  
Baohua Yang @hanhzf , sure will discuss your item later.

[11:02]  
zhaofang han ok

[11:02]  
Kai Chen no

[11:03]  
Baohua Yang i guess you can help arrange the jira usage?

[11:04]  
Kai Chen suggest by onwer

[11:04]  
who pick the story

[11:05]  
Baohua Yang https://jira.hyperledger.org/secure/RapidBoard.jspa?rapidView=85

[11:05]  
Kai Chen before development owner need make a todo list first

[11:06]  
and make that to several sub tasks

[11:06]  
for a large story

[11:06]  
Baohua Yang So you may mean each story owner create a sub tasks list for each story?

[11:06]  
Kai Chen yes

[11:06]  
that is also useful for development

[11:07]  
Baohua Yang OK, let’s cleanup the task board today, and follow this style.

[11:07]  
Thanks for the suggestion

[11:07]  
Other comments?

[11:07]  
Kai Chen no

[11:08]  
Baohua Yang @hanhzf @lafenicecc ?

[11:09]  
zhaofang han @gengjh please help me attend the meeting, in meeting with customer

[11:09]  
David Geng hi, I am here, @hanhzf is not available now

[11:09]  
Baohua Yang OK, let’s move to the next item.

[11:09]  
Zhaofang will introduce the SDK meeting status

[11:09]  
any updates on that?

[11:09]  
@gengjh

[11:10]  
David Geng i think no more update for now, still go through the SDK spec

[11:10]  
Baohua Yang OK

[11:11]  
by the way, yesterday’s TSC meeting, a paper on global sync log is sharing, everyone interested can take a look at https://docs.google.com/document/d/1aJXZJQENRRRyu1lqOyT-DuQotl3xDbRabAgRMZxsI1A/edit?ts=581b5538#

[11:11]
slackbot BOT That looks like a Google Drive link. Do you want us to import it and all future Google Drive links from you?
Yes • Just this once • Not now • Never
Only visible to you

[11:11]  
Baohua Yang Next item: Everyone review the Patchset

[11:11]  
https://gerrit.hyperledger.org/r/#/q/status:open+project:fabric-sdk-py

[11:12]  
We have 3 new patchset, everyone please give your comments there today.

[11:12]  
David Geng sure

[11:12]  
Chang Chen np

[11:12]  
David Geng for now, we are in v1 dev cycle, right?

[11:12]  
Baohua Yang Yes, we’re targeting v1 following spec at https://docs.google.com/document/d/1R5RtIBMW9fZpli37E5Li5_Q9ve3BnQ4q3gWmGZj6Sv4

[11:12]
slackbot BOT That looks like a Google Drive link. Do you want us to import it and all future Google Drive links from you?
Yes • Just this once • Not now • Never
Only visible to you

[11:13]  
Kai Chen what is the next high priority story?

[11:13]  
peer implementation?

[11:14]  
Baohua Yang I think 1) those APIs following the spec, we should init those API framework ASAP. 2) Then implement the peer and 3) memberservice. How do u guys think?

[11:15]  
The spec will be hopefully freezed in mid-Nov.

[11:15]  
So we need setup those APIs around that time.

[11:16]  
Any comments?

[11:17]  
OK, then is there any other issue need to discuss today?

[11:19]  
David Geng do we have any update on the getMembers and getPeers impl and design? I am a little out of day?

[11:19]  
Baohua Yang U mean in the Client module?

[11:20]  
David Geng yes

[11:20]  
Baohua Yang Not yet

[11:20]  
Kai Chen first we need enroll and register

[11:22]  
Baohua Yang @gengjh OK for that?

[11:22]  
I guess we may support it if we think it’s helpful.

[11:23]  
And encourage you give comments on the spec.

[11:23]  
We will try best to make it as a guideline.

[11:24]  
David Geng i am ok. just want to see more clean priority stories list in jiira or what ever somewhere to let us check

[11:25]  
Baohua Yang Ok, we can talk more about that later if needed.

[11:25]  
Kai Chen besides enroll and register

[11:25]  
Baohua Yang y

[11:25]  
Kai Chen i think deploy, invoke, query

[11:25]  
should high priority

[11:25]  
Baohua Yang yes, those are very basic operations.

[11:26]  
even higher

[11:26]  
Kai Chen i have a question about endoser API

[11:27]  
Baohua Yang ok

[11:27]  
Kai Chen is this overlap with invoke,deploy?

[11:28]  
Baohua Yang i guess not. IMHO, the endorser api is just for getting the endorsement.

[11:28]  
then sdk can do the deploy/invoke.

[11:29]  
Kai Chen ok

[11:29]  
Baohua Yang OK, here is the message flow, also a good ref: https://files.slack.com/files-pri/T0J024XGA-F2VB5FXJ4/download/hyperledger-fabric-protobuf-messages-and-flow.pdf

Pinned by you 
Oct 28th at 10:35 Pinned by you
[11:29]  
Baohua Yang mentioned a file 
hyperledger-fabric-protobuf-messages-and-flow.pdf
805KB
PDF
 Click to view
Add Comment

[11:29]  
Baohua Yang Any more issues today?

[11:29]  
Kai Chen no for me

[11:30]  
David Geng me too. thx for u pdf :slightly_smiling_face:

[11:30]  
Baohua Yang Thanks to everyone! Let’s end the meeting, have a nice weekend!

new messages
[11:30]  
David Geng bye

=== Meeting End === 
```


