### 2016-12-09

#### Agenda

* [Jira board](https://jira.hyperledger.org/secure/RapidBoard.jspa?rapidView=85) status syncing.
  * Jianhua will help create a code docstring style guideline task
* [Patchset](https://gerrit.hyperledger.org/r/#/q/status:open+project:fabric-sdk-py) under review.
* [SDK Spec](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1R5RtIBMW9fZpli37E5Li5_Q9ve3BnQ4q3gWmGZj6Sv4) is publicly available.
* Need a quick booted fabric 1.0 test env (Can ref Node.js SDK).
* Other issues

#### Attendee

* Baohua
* Kai Chen
* Qiang Wang
* Bryan Huang
* Lei Li
* Chang Chen

#### Log

```
=== Meeting Start ===
11:00]  
Baohua Yang OK

[11:00]  
today’s agenda is at https://wiki.hyperledger.org/projects/fabric-sdk-py/meetings/20161209.md

[11:01]  
Bryan HUANG :hand:

[11:01]  
Baohua Yang item 1: https://jira.hyperledger.org/secure/RapidBoard.jspa?rapidView=85 jira board work status

[11:01]  
Chuanjian Wang :hand:

[11:01]  
Baohua Yang @grapebaba i guess you made some update last week? I marked several finished items as done

[11:01]  
lei li :hand:

[11:02]  
Baohua Yang @hgabor is working on Fab-801

[11:02]  
We need more people to volunteer.

[11:03]  
Any one interested on the FAB-802?

[11:03]  
the base class for peer

[11:04]  
lei li i would like to

[11:04]  
Baohua Yang sure, will assign it to li lei

[11:04]  
lei li Ok

[11:04]  
Baohua Yang FAB-803 is for chain class. who want to pick this?

[11:05]  
OK, i may assign it to @qiang first, who lead the design.

[11:06]  
Wang Qiang ok

[11:06]  
Baohua Yang @gengjh jianhua is not present, but Jianhua will help create a code docstring style guideline task.

[11:06]  
sure

[11:06]  
Bryan HUANG he is on site today

[11:06]  
Baohua Yang he propose this week on the docstring style, very helpful.

[11:06]  
sure, bryan, will he attend or you can share the info to him?

[11:07]  
Bryan HUANG sure, will share to him

[11:07]  
Baohua Yang thanks

[11:07]  
item 2: https://gerrit.hyperledger.org/r/#/q/status:open+project:fabric-sdk-py

[11:07]  
@lhaskins has a patchset of 2351.

[11:08]  
and he should rebase the code to solve merge problem.

[11:08]  
@grapebaba, when will 2457 be ready for review?

[11:08]  
https://gerrit.hyperledger.org/r/#/c/2457/

[11:09]  
Kai Chen i need check if order service is ready

[11:09]  
Baohua Yang sure.

[11:10]  
Kai Chen the data interface not ready when I started

[11:10]  
Chang Chen :hand: sorry i'm late

[11:10]  
Baohua Yang yes, please keep close watching on fabric, it is changing quickly.

[11:11]  
item 3: The SDK is more stable now, encourage everyone to review. https://docs.google.com/document/d/1R5RtIBMW9fZpli37E5Li5_Q9ve3BnQ4q3gWmGZj6Sv4

[11:11]
slackbot BOT That looks like a Google Drive link. Do you want us to import it and all future Google Drive links from you?
Yes • Just this once • Not now • Never
Only visible to you

[11:11]  
Baohua Yang the spec

[11:12]  
And recently the fabric 1.0 code already supports a simple workflow.

[11:12]  
We need a quick booted fabric 1.0 test env (Can ref Node.js SDK)

[11:12]  
Anyone can help on this work?

[11:12]  
Chang Chen :hand:

[11:12]  
i can help

[11:13]  
Baohua Yang sure, chang, please help create a task on jira, and assign to yourself.

[11:13]  
OK, and do we have other issue wanna to talk today?

[11:14]  
About the patchset, we encourage small change with fixed goal.

[11:15]  
OK, if no other issue, let’s keep close touch offline, and we will end the meeting.

[11:15]  
Thanks everyone and have a nice weekend!

[11:15]  
Bryan HUANG :clap:

new messages
[11:16]  
Kai Chen :clap:
=== Meeting End ===
```