### Agenda
* SDK status sync (baohua)
* [Jira task](https://jira.hyperledger.org/secure/RapidBoard.jspa?rapidView=85) process review (chenkai)
* Everyone review the [Patchset UnderReivew](https://gerrit.hyperledger.org/r/#/q/status:open+project:fabric-sdk-py)
* Open discussion

### Attendee

* baohua
* chuanjian
* hanzhaofang
* Qiang Wang
* Chang Chen
* Lei Li

### Log
```
The weekly meeting will start in 3 mins, agenda is https://wiki.hyperledger.org/fabric-sdk-py/meetings/20161021

[11:00]  
every meeting attendee, pls hands up :slightly_smiling_face:

[11:00]  
=== Meeting Start ===

[11:01]  
Chang Chen :hand:

[11:02]  
Baohua Yang Anyone else?

[11:02]  
Ry Jones well, I’m watching, but I don’t know if I count towards quorum :slightly_smiling_face:

[11:03]  
Baohua Yang welcome, ry~

[11:03]  
Chuanjian Wang :hand:

[11:03]  
Baohua Yang we need at least 3 persons, haha

[11:03]  
lei li i am here like I

[11:03]  
Baohua Yang OK, the planned agenda is at https://wiki.hyperledger.org/fabric-sdk-py/meetings/20161021

[11:03]  
zhaofang han +1

[11:03]  
lei li Lilei

[11:04]  
Baohua Yang Task 1: SDK status sync (baohua)

[11:04]  
Yesterday, I attend the SDK WG meeting, and we got great progress.

[11:04]  
Most important, the main part sdk spec will be finished in 11/04, please help review and keep watching the updates.

[11:05]  
Then it will be sent in community for feedbacks as the 1st draft.

[11:05]  
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1R5RtIBMW9fZpli37E5Li5_Q9ve3BnQ4q3gWmGZj6Sv4/edit#heading=h.z6ne0og04bp5

[11:05]
slackbot BOT That looks like a Google Drive link. Do you want us to import it and all future Google Drive links from you?
Yes • Just this once • Not now • Never
Only visible to you

[11:05]  
Baohua Yang Any question on this spec?

[11:06]  
lei li Not yet

[11:06]  
Baohua Yang OK

[11:06]  
Task 2: Jira task process review

[11:06]  
We made good progress in past week, like the ci, member and mermberservice has owner now.

[11:07]  
I guess everyone now learned how to use the task board already?

[11:07]  
zhaofang han yes

[11:07]  
lei li Yes

[11:07]  
Baohua Yang Great! Please feel free to create the task there and set assignee.

[11:08]  
You can feel free to ask any question if not sure whether the task is already taken by someone else :slightly_smiling_face:

[11:08]  
Thanks to jianhua’s help, now we have ci enabled for each patchset!

[11:09]  
For next step, we need the initial framework for member, membersrvc, peer, client, etc. I will create the tasks after the meeting.

[11:09]  
Any question on the jira board?

[11:09]  
lei li No

[11:10]  
1question

[11:10]  
Baohua Yang sure

[11:10]  
lei li How to set the story point for every task

[11:11]  
Baohua Yang you mean the deadline?

[11:11]  
lei li Yes

[11:11]  
Baohua Yang aha, just click the edit button. can u find it?

[11:12]  
Then u will see the orginal estimate and remaining estimate

[11:12]  
And the story points

[11:12]  
See https://jira.hyperledger.org/secure/RapidBoard.jspa?rapidView=85&view=detail&selectedIssue=FAB-625 for example.

[11:12]  
The OE is 3d, and the RE is 3d too.

[11:13]  
@seego Does that answer ur q?

[11:13]  
lei li Ok

[11:13]  
Baohua Yang Good~~

[11:13]  
lei li Yes thanks

[11:13]  
Baohua Yang :slightly_smiling_face:

[11:13]  
OK

[11:13]  
Any more q?

[11:14]  
zhaofang han y

[11:14]  
Baohua Yang yes, just type ur q :slightly_smiling_face:

[11:15]  
zhaofang han like member interface will depend on chain interface, we can implement member first just assume the interface of chain has been implemented?

[11:15]  
Or I can implement the chain interface first

[11:16]  
Baohua Yang Well, i guess both way should work. And we need tight syncing between different module owners.

[11:16]  
zhaofang han sure :smiley:

[11:16]  
Baohua Yang So for api, you can first create the member part, then work together with the chain part to see if need little changes.

[11:16]  
guess it should not be that much, as the api is nearly stable currently.

[11:17]  
OK

[11:17]  
Task 3: Everyone review the patchsets at Patchset UnderReivew

[11:17]  
We finished review and merged on numerers of patchs last week! and let's keep this self-motivation style!

[11:17]  
We will recommend those who gives significant code contributions as new maintainers in future. Let’s see who is the first luckyer :slightly_smiling_face:

[11:18]  
any q on item 3?

[11:19]  
OK

[11:19]  
Task 4: Open discussion

[11:19]  
We have several minutes left, any open questions?

[11:20]  
lei li Can we have a public training for our model

[11:20]  
?

[11:20]  
Baohua Yang Sure, but what kind of training u would like to see?

[11:22]  
lei li Introducing of the model

[11:22]  
Baohua Yang You means the working model or programming model?

[11:23]  
lei li Sorry for Typing on the phone so slow

[11:23]  
Baohua Yang :slightly_smiling_face: Maybe let's talk about this offline?

[11:23]  
lei li Ok

[11:23]  
Baohua Yang OK

[11:23]  
Any further open discussion?

[11:24]  
OK, if there's no further discussions.

[11:24]  
Let's finish the meeting, and thanks everyone for joining!

[11:24]  
=== Meeting End ===
```

