
### 2016-10-28

#### Agenda

 * Baohua will introduce the SDK spec status
 * Suggestion about JIRA work item(create a set of tasks after pick up the story)
 * Everyone review the [SDK Spec](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1R5RtIBMW9fZpli37E5Li5_Q9ve3BnQ4q3gWmGZj6Sv4)
 * Everyone review the [Patchset UnderReivew](https://gerrit.hyperledger.org/r/#/q/status:open+project:fabric-sdk-py)
 * Suggest read the * [hyperledger-fabric-protobuf-message-and-flow](https://files.slack.com/files-pri/T0J024XGA-F2VB5FXJ4/download/hyperledger-fabric-protobuf-messages-and-flow.pdf)

#### Attendee

 * Kai Chen
 * Baohua
 * Bryan
 * Chuanjian
 * Lei Li

#### Log
```
The weekly meeting will start in 3 mins, agenda is [https://wiki.hyperledger.org/projects/fabric-sdk-py/meetings/20161028.md](https://wiki.hyperledger.org/projects/fabric-sdk-py/meetings/20161028.md)

[10:57]    
Kai:every meeting attendee, pls hands up :slightly_smiling_face:

[10:57]  
=== Meeting Start ===

[10:58]  
Kai:hand:

[10:59]   
Chuanjian:hand:

[11:01]  
Baohua: +1

[11:01]  
Baohua:finally get up:)

[11:02]   
Kai:ok_hand:

[11:02]  
Baohua:go on, kai~

[11:02]  
Kai: anyone else?

[11:02]  
Kai:ok

[11:02]  
Kai:first, let baohua update SDK spec status

[11:02]  
Baohua: Sure

[11:02]  
Baohua:Yesterday we have the SDK WG meeting, discussing the api.

[11:03]  
Baohua:Many issues are resolved in the meeting, however, there are still remaining ones, hence two work sessions are planed at 7pm Today and 10pm next Monday.

[11:03]  
Baohua:I highly encourage everyone to read and give comments to the spec.

[11:03]  
Baohua:Anyone can join today’s meeting, starting at 7PM?

[11:03]  
Kai: not sure

[11:04]  
Baohua:AM I may not be able to join those meetings due to time conflicts.

[11:04]  
Baohua:yes, today’s meeting is at 7PM, can anyone join representing our team?

[11:05]  
Kai:let me talk in the wechart

[11:05]  
Baohua:sure @grapebaba.

[11:05]  
Baohua:the agenda is here

[11:05]  
Baohua:https://mydtcc.webex.com/mydtcc/j.php?MTID=m31842cde5df681b888b95128fb36046e
Fabric-SDK Client Review
Friday, October 28, 2016
7:00 am  |  Eastern Daylight Time (New York, GMT-04:00)  |  1 hr
Meeting number: 594 143 585
Meeting password: 159577
mydtcc.webex.com
Depository Trust and Clearing Corporatio WebEx Enterprise Site
18

[11:05]  
Kai:got it.

[11:06]  
Baohua:And for next monday’s SDK working session, the agenda is here

[11:06]  
Baohua:https://mydtcc.webex.com/mydtcc/j.php?MTID=ma228df657f2144781e7a3fbf7f2e32cf
fabric-sdk working session
Monday, October 31, 2016
10:00 am  |  Eastern Daylight Time (New York, GMT-04:00)  |  1 hr
Meeting number: 592 319 761
Meeting password: 159577
mydtcc.webex.com
Depository Trust and Clearing Corporatio WebEx Enterprise Site
20

[11:06]  
Baohua:Ok, i’m done, and will leave for another meeting, now give back to u, kai, thanks!

[11:06]  
Kai:can you join the meeting on next Monday?

[11:06]  
Baohua:no, both time confilicts :disappointed:

[11:07]  
Baohua:got it.

[11:07]  
Baohua:we may ask for volunteer in the wechat group for those meetings.

[11:07]  
Baohua:suggest we have at least one guy there and share the status.

[11:07]  
Kai: yes, i think so

[11:07]  
Baohua :slightly_smiling_face: go on~~

[11:08]  
Kai:second, i have a suggestion about JIRA work item

[11:09]  
Kai:Right now, our story is a little big

[11:09]  
Kai:I want every owner split sub tasks after pick up the story

[11:10]  
Baohua:definitely, we should do that +1!

[11:10]  
Kai:every sub task not longer than 1w

[11:10]  
Kai:others?

[11:11]  
Chuanjian: +1

[11:11]  
Lei:agree

[11:11]  
Kai:ok

[11:11]  
Kai:let us follow it.

[11:12]  
Kai:Third, everyone review the SDK spec

[11:12]  
Kai:encourage everyone make suggestion

[11:13]  
Kai:any thoughts?any problem?

[11:14]  
Kai:if not we will go next topic

[11:14]  
Kai:Everyone review the patchset

[11:15]  
Kai:https://gerrit.hyperledger.org/r/#/c/2019/

[11:15]  
Kai:currently only one patch set need review

[11:16]  
Kai:this patch set failed CI

[11:16]  
Kai:it has some format problem

[11:17]  
Kai:anyone else has a patch set to be reviewd?

[11:17]  
Kai:or any problems?

[11:18]  
Yan:who is working on the kvstore

[11:18]  
Kai:i am doing

[11:18]  
Kai:a little busy this two weeks

[11:18]  
Yan:is it pluggable?

[11:18]  
Kai:yes

[11:18]  
Yan: cool

[11:19]  
Kai:i will follow the SDK spec Key Value Store interface

[11:20]  
Yan:What is the target date
for kvstore

[11:20]  
Kai:next Tuesday 11.1

[11:21]  
Yan:okay, great

[11:21]  
Kai: ok

[11:22]  
Kai:that is all

[11:22]  
Kai:Thanks for joining

[11:22]  
Kai:See you next week

[11:23]  
Yan :+1:

=== Meeting End === 
```


