### 2017-02-24

#### Agenda

* [Jira board](https://jira.hyperledger.org/secure/RapidBoard.jspa?rapidView=85) status. There are several old tasks need to be clear soon.
  * Yan: [FAB-697](https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-697), [FAB-738](https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-738)
  * Fan: [FAB-737](https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-737)
  * Lei: [FAB-801](https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-801)

* [Patchset](https://gerrit.hyperledger.org/r/#/q/project:fabric-sdk-py) for review.
* MVP design and implementation progress (chang helps drive this).
* [SDK Spec](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1R5RtIBMW9fZpli37E5Li5_Q9ve3BnQ4q3gWmGZj6Sv4) is publicly available.
* [Hackathon at shanghai](http://szqy.ffan.com/hack/Hack/)
* Other issues

#### Attendee

* Baohua Yang
* Kai Chen
* Chang Chen
* Lei Li
* Ray Chen


#### Log

```
=== Meeting Start ===

ok, meeting start
today's agenda is https://wiki.hyperledger.org/projects/fabric-sdk-py/meetings/20170224.md
first, we have new volunteer @ray, welcome, would u like to introduce urself?

ray 11:03 AM
Hi all, this is Ray from Qulian Tech, hope I can make contribution to the python SDK dev!

baohua 11:04 AM
welcome!

lafenicecc 11:04 AM
welcome!

baohua 11:04 AM
OK, item#1: jira board: https://jira.hyperledger.org/secure/RapidBoard.jspa?rapidView=85.
@SeeGo any update on https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-801)?

SeeGo 11:05 AM
yes

baohua 11:05 AM
@huang

SeeGo 11:06 AM
The the some func of client is updated by author of other class.

baohua 11:07 AM
so it's fixed? saw a done mark

SeeGo 11:07 AM
yes

baohua 11:07 AM
thanks for that!

SeeGo 11:07 AM
i am available now, can pick up other task.

baohua 11:08 AM
thanks, yan, pls pick the new tasks, especially for the MVP. And we do not have yan and fan today, so will ping them offline.
item #2: patchsets: https://gerrit.hyperledger.org/r/#/q/project:fabric-sdk-py

SeeGo 11:08 AM
ok

baohua 11:08 AM
We made great progress in last week!
9 patchsets!
everyone pls help review for new patchset
we appreciate any kind of comment and contribution!
item #3: MVP design. any update @lafenicecc

lafenicecc 11:10 AM
Hi
In the last 2 weeks, we did some ... inevitable works to carry the MVP work forward
for example, the user module, identity and msp module, crypto sign...
Thanks for all your help!
Now we have removed some of the obstacles, but still a lot ahead
@grapebaba any plans or comments about the current work?

grapebaba 11:12 AM
for the e2e test
we still need preventmalleability feature and complete MSP feature

baohua 11:13 AM
@tcz001 said to help on this feature
are we blocked on that now, to finish the MVP?

grapebaba 11:14 AM
i think so

lafenicecc 11:14 AM
why blocked by preventmalleability?

baohua 11:14 AM
assume the users are not doing evil first?

grapebaba 11:15 AM
i am not quite sure
but i saw the code will change the signature
in node SDK
i am not sure if it will fail in server side

baohua 11:16 AM
IMHO, i guess we can ignore the preventmalleability feature for the e2e currently, as it's only for security. @grapebaba can u help make sure the code change in node sdk? whether it's matter to the e2e test?

grapebaba 11:16 AM
another we missing signing_identity serialize() method

lafenicecc 11:17 AM
@SeeGo can u help look at this method?
is it the only block before we can send the proposal and get response? @grapebaba

baohua 11:18 AM
i suppose @SeeGo will be back later :)ğŸ±

grapebaba 11:19 AM
seems

baohua 11:20 AM
@ray feel free to pick tasks, too. now we are finishing the MVP with e2e testing ğŸ™‚
OK, any more comments on the MVP work?

lafenicecc 11:20 AM
yea, i can help explain the work, feel free to ask me anything anytime

baohua 11:20 AM
ğŸª

ray 11:20 AM
Thanks @lafenicecc ğŸ™‚

baohua 11:20 AM
ok, cool~
SDK spec can be found at ttps://docs.google.com/document/d/1R5RtIBMW9fZpli37E5Li5_Q9ve3BnQ4q3gWmGZj6Sv4
although some minor differ from that. can also look at the node sdk as reference.
but we can be flexible to adopt the pythonic way ğŸ

ray 11:22 AM
Thanks, will do some investigation first. I love ğŸ

baohua 11:22 AM
thanks
item #5: hackathon!
pls help share and also encourage to attend as players: http://szqy.ffan.com/hack/Hack

lafenicecc 11:23 AM
will go

baohua 11:24 AM
I was told the food standard is 5+ stars, over 1000Y/day!ğŸ¤ğŸŒ®ğŸ²

lafenicecc 11:24 AM
i've got three teams, ğŸ˜œ

baohua 11:24 AM
cool
the registration is closing, so hurry up~~
OK. any other issue to discuss today?

grapebaba 11:26 AM
```
func (csp *impl) verifyECDSA(k *ecdsa.PublicKey, signature, digest []byte, opts bccsp.SignerOpts) (valid bool, err error) {
	r, s, err := unmarshalECDSASignature(signature)
	if err != nil {
		return false, fmt.Errorf("Failed unmashalling signature [%s]", err)
	}

	// check for low-S
	halfOrder, ok := curveHalfOrders[k.Curve]
	if !ok {
		return false, fmt.Errorf("Curve not recognized [%s]", k.Curve)
	}

	// If s > halfOrder Then
	if s.Cmp(halfOrder) == 1 {
		return false, fmt.Errorf("Invalid S. Must be smaller than half the order [%s][%s].", s, halfOrder)
	}

	return ecdsa.Verify(k, digest, r, s), nil
}
```
i still suspect preventmalleability will block

baohua 11:28 AM
aha, let's ask @tcz001 to help confirm. besides that, let's finish other part soon.
signing_identity serialize() method, @ray i may ask u to pick up this task as a practice on hand ğŸ™‚

grapebaba 11:30 AM
i invite @muralisr to help us review the tasks for MVP

baohua 11:30 AM
sure, welcome, he is nice guy
and @latitiah will help on that later with bdd experience, too.
OK, any other issue to talk?

grapebaba 11:32 AM
no for me

baohua 11:32 AM
@ray feel free to discuss with kai and chang on it. guess will be not difficult too much ğŸŸ

ray 11:32 AM
@baohua I see, will try to implement this task ğŸ™‚

grapebaba 11:33 AM
thanks

baohua 11:33 AM
thanks, OK, thanks for everyone, have a nice weekend! ğŸ·

=== Meeting End ===
```