==== 2017-12-01 ==== 

Meeting will be held at [[https://chat.hyperledger.org/channel/fabric-sdk-py|rocketchat]] at:

  * 11AM (GMT+8)
  * 8PM one day before (GMT-7).

  * [[https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-4623?jql=project%20%3D%20FAB%20AND%20status%20in%20(%22In%20Progress%22%2C%20%22To%20Do%22)%20AND%20component%20%3D%20fabric-sdk-py | Ongoing Jira task]]
  * [[ https://gerrit.hyperledger.org/r/#/q/project:fabric-sdk-py+status:open | Open Patchset for review]]
  * [[https://docs.google.com/document/d/1R5RtIBMW9fZpli37E5Li5_Q9ve3BnQ4q3gWmGZj6Sv4 | SDK Spec]]

=== Agenda ===
Feel free to update before the meeting.

  * Recent Progress: chaincode install, channel create, integration testing framework refinement
  * chaincode Instantiate: Tony and kai are working on [[https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-5489 | FAB-5489]]
  * chaincode Invoke: Zhaofang Han is working on [[https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-5491 | FAB-5491]], Dong Wang is working on [[https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-6985|FAB-6985]]
  * EventHub:  david dornseifer is working on [[https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-4822|FAB-4822]]
  * Register: Baohua is working on [[https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-3165|FAB-3165]]
  * TODO issues
    * channel join: [[https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-2871|FAB-2871]]
    * chaincode Query?
    * chaincode Upgrade?[[https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-5490|FAB-5490]]


=== Attendee ===
**Please put ur name before the meeting.**

  * Baohua Yang
  * Kai Chen
  * Dong Wang


=== Log ===
```
baohua 10:58 AM
@here meeting will start
@grapebaba @DongWang online?

DongWang 11:03 AM
hes
yes

baohua 11:04 AM
good to see u, dong
today's agenda is at https://wiki.hyperledger.org/projects/fabric-sdk-py/meetings/20171201

grapebaba 11:04 AM
ðŸ˜…

baohua 11:04 AM
@grapebaba get up, ahahaha

grapebaba 11:05 AM
ðŸ™‚

baohua 11:05 AM
How's going, guys

DongWang 11:05 AM
I try to test the invoke function. But I got some errors, I will read the go sdk for reference

baohua 11:06 AM
ok, basically u can use peer cli cmd to do other operations before we have them
and feel free to ask in the channel for help

grapebaba 11:06 AM
don't have much time focus on SDK work
recently

baohua 11:07 AM
ok, kai and tony are working on FAB-5489

JIRA @hyperledger-jira-l BOT 11:07 AM
Found 1 issue
FAB-5489 
install and initiate chain code
Assigned To
Tony Yang  
Status
In Progress  
Reporter
Dong Wang  
Priority
Medium

baohua 11:07 AM
@tonyyang132 guess tony is not online today
things getting better? @grapebaba

DongWang 11:07 AM
OK, I will

baohua 11:07 AM
thanks

grapebaba 11:08 AM
a little

baohua 11:09 AM
OK, i plan to add some block structure analysis tool in the sdk
to let people manipulate blocks smoothly

grapebaba 11:11 AM
not heard before

baohua 11:11 AM
oh, when update config block, currently, need to use manual tools
like `jq`
actually, python is quite good in processing json structure
@grapebaba make sense?

grapebaba 11:13 AM
yea

baohua 11:13 AM
nice
OK, keep going together, @DongWang @grapebaba , hope we can get a workable e2e testing by our sdk soon.
Dec 10, there will be a meetup in beijing, will u join?
@DongWang

DongWang 11:14 AM
I will

baohua 11:14 AM
i guess kai cannot attend, pity

DongWang 11:14 AM
I have signed up

baohua 11:14 AM
ok, let's talk then on the sdk work

grapebaba 11:14 AM
yeah

DongWang 11:14 AM
sure

baohua 11:14 AM
ok, anything else to discuss today?
if not, we will end the meeting. @DongWang pls help send the minutes link to the maillist

DongWang 11:15 AM
OK

baohua 11:15 AM
Thanks and have a nice weekend! ðŸŒ¼

DongWang 11:15 AM 
have a nice weekend
```