==== 2017-09-01 ==== 

Meeting will be held at [[https://chat.hyperledger.org/channel/fabric-sdk-py|rocketchat]] at 11AM (GMT+8).

  * [[https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-4623?jql=project%20%3D%20FAB%20AND%20status%20in%20(%22In%20Progress%22%2C%20%22To%20Do%22)%20AND%20component%20%3D%20fabric-sdk-py | Ongoing Jira task]]
  * [[ https://gerrit.hyperledger.org/r/#/q/project:fabric-sdk-py+status:open | Open Patchset for review]]
  * [[https://docs.google.com/document/d/1R5RtIBMW9fZpli37E5Li5_Q9ve3BnQ4q3gWmGZj6Sv4 | SDK Spec]]

=== Agenda ===

  * David's working on [[https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-4315|FAB-4315]] got merged!
  * chaincode Install: Kai is working on [[https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-5151 | FAB-5151]]
  * E2E: Dong Wang is working on [[https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-2871 | FAB-2871]]
  * User Role: Wei Hu is working on [[https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-3885|FAB-3885]]
  * EventHub: Chang Chen is working on [[https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-4822|FAB-4822]]
  * Register: Baohua is working on [[https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-3165|FAB-3165]]
  * Update license header: Qiang Wang is working on [[https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-4742|FAB-4742]]
  * Other issues


=== Attendee ===
**Please put ur name before the meeting.**

  * Baohua Yang
  * Kai Chen
  * Wang Dong
  * Tony Yang
  * Chang Chen


=== Log ===
baohua 10:58 AM
meeting will start at 10AM, who's online?
@grapebaba @wangdong
@david_dornseifer @lafenicecc

grapebaba 11:00 AM
‚úã

baohua 11:00 AM
ok
how's going, kai
today's agenda is https://wiki.hyperledger.org/projects/fabric-sdk-py/meetings/20170901
how about we have an online review? @grapebaba

grapebaba 11:04 AM
what is that

baohua 11:04 AM
https://gerrit.hyperledger.org/r/#/q/project:fabric-sdk-py+status:open
david got his pr merged.
so we can create channel now
https://gerrit.hyperledger.org/r/5765

lafenicecc 11:05 AM
:woo:
coming

baohua 11:05 AM
is this one on going?
@grapebaba

grapebaba 11:06 AM
should abandon

baohua 11:06 AM
ok
@lafenicecc how's going?

tonyyang132 11:06 AM
here finally after fighting with network connections...

baohua 11:07 AM
@tonyyang132 cool

lafenicecc 11:07 AM
@baohua will start using node sdk heavily
will compare node with our python sdk

baohua 11:08 AM
https://gerrit.hyperledger.org/r/11765 @grapebaba how's this one?

grapebaba 11:08 AM
hope i can do it next week

baohua 11:09 AM
@lafenicecc sure, how do u feel?
?

wangdong 11:11 AM
hi
just finish a machine test

baohua 11:12 AM
great dong!
https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-2871
how about this one
seems u can rebase atop david's patchset.

lafenicecc 11:13 AM
i will give comments now and then

wangdong 11:14 AM
yes

baohua 11:14 AM
hope will accelerate the process

wangdong 11:14 AM
OK
I will.

lafenicecc 11:14 AM
hope my team can switch to python sdk soon

baohua 11:14 AM
definitely
aha, rkt is not that stable in connection.

lafenicecc 11:14 AM
btw baohua, the flow chart in the book would be really helpful for new comers

baohua 11:14 AM
but LF guys are helping look at the issues.
which one?

wangdong 11:15 AM
I will implement it as the patches of David
which book

baohua 11:15 AM
thanks, dong
@qiang0723 is working on https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-4742

lafenicecc 11:15 AM
File Uploaded: Clipboard - 2017Âπ¥9Êúà1Êó•‰∏äÂçà11ÁÇπ15ÂàÜ  


lafenicecc 11:15 AM
like this

baohua 11:15 AM
I guess we should add the license header soon. Currently it's a shorter license header
oooh, i'm still trying refining those figures
to illustrate better üôÇ
@wangdong search at book/JD üôÇ

wangdong 11:16 AM
@lafenicecc where is the book from? I would like to have a look at this.
where to search i wonder

baohua 11:16 AM
and @lafenicecc how's going with the event hub pr? https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-4822

lafenicecc 11:17 AM
with slightly explanation to this charts, we can simply show what sdk should do
to process txs

baohua 11:17 AM   
yeap, and some of them are also in the hyperledger_code_fabric project at github @wangdong

wangdong 11:18 AM
OK

lafenicecc 11:18 AM
hope i can get eventhub done soon

baohua 11:18 AM
OK, mostly we made stable progress by eating the channel creation one.
Now let's move on!!
next one should be the channel joining one

wangdong 11:19 AM
yeah

baohua 11:21 AM
who's wanna pick this one can feel free to add in jira
sorry, disconnected...
OK. any other issues for today? Very glad we have active contributors üòÄ
OK. If no further question, we will end the meeting. Thanks every participant, and have a nice weekend! üçú

grapebaba 11:23 AM
üëè

lafenicecc 11:23 AM
ü§ì

wangdong 11:23 AM 
üò¨