==== 2017-07-14 ==== 

Meeting will be held at [[https://chat.hyperledger.org/channel/fabric-sdk-py|rocketchat]] at 11AM (GMT+8).

  * [[https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-4623?jql=project%20%3D%20FAB%20AND%20status%20in%20(%22In%20Progress%22%2C%20%22To%20Do%22)%20AND%20component%20%3D%20fabric-sdk-py | Ongoing Jira task]]
  * [[ https://gerrit.hyperledger.org/r/#/q/project:fabric-sdk-py+status:open | Open Patchset for review]]
  * [[https://docs.google.com/document/d/1R5RtIBMW9fZpli37E5Li5_Q9ve3BnQ4q3gWmGZj6Sv4 | SDK Spec]]

=== Agenda ===

  * MVP remaining tasks: [[https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-4877|FAB-4877]] done by Kai Chen
  * Environment setup: [[https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-5121|FAB-5121]] done by Qiang Wang
  * Proto Files Update: [[https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-4592|FAB-4592]] done by Tony Yang
  * E2E: Dong Wang is working on [[https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-2871 | FAB-2871]]
  * User Role: Wei Hu is working on [[https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-3885|FAB-3885]]
  * EventHub: Chang Chen is working on [[https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-4822|FAB-4822]]
  * Register: Baohua is working on [[https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-3165|FAB-3165]]
  * TODO issues:
    * Update license header: [[https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-4742|FAB-4742]]
  * Other issues
    * Congrats to chang and david as new maintainers, they will take more responsibility.


=== Attendee ===
**Please put ur name before the meeting.**

  * Baohua Yang
  * Kai Chen
  * Chang Chen
  * Qiang Wang
  * Tony Yang
  * Dong Wang


=== Log ===

baohua 11:00 AM
OK
today's agenda: https://wiki.hyperledger.org/projects/fabric-sdk-py/meetings/20170714
first, let's see the MVP status @grapebaba any progress?

grapebaba 11:02 AM
i am working on sync install chaincode to latest fabric this week
not complete yet

baohua 11:02 AM
nice, we have the new fabric 1.0.0 release now

tonyyang132 11:02 AM
‚úãsorry a bit late

lafenicecc 11:02 AM
ü§ö

baohua 11:02 AM
let's use it as the base env

grapebaba 11:02 AM
@david_dornseifer pick up the create channel task

baohua 11:02 AM
we will keep a stable version to work with
thanks for @qiang0723 and @david_dornseifer 's help in the env setup
ok, any other problem? @grapebaba

grapebaba 11:04 AM
no

baohua 11:04 AM
hope @WangDong and @WeiHu are online

WeiHu 11:04 AM
‚úãyes

baohua 11:05 AM
great, how's https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-3885 going?

WangDong 11:05 AM
I am here

baohua 11:05 AM
any problem to meet?

WangDong 11:05 AM
some network problem

baohua 11:06 AM
sure, pls feel free to discuss with the team here üôÇ

WangDong 11:06 AM
ok

baohua 11:06 AM
@WangDong any problem with https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-2871?

WeiHu 11:07 AM
I've communicated with kai, and we agreed that this task should wait `install chaincode` task done

baohua 11:07 AM
OK, then pls add the comments in jira board
we need to explore the status of the work ü§î

WangDong 11:08 AM
last week, I got two patches related to client
one sent, the other is on the way

baohua 11:08 AM
yeap, and hope we can have the e2e doc/framework soon üôÇ

WeiHu 11:08 AM
ok

baohua 11:08 AM
https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-2871 is very important for users

WangDong 11:08 AM
this is the warm up, I will focus on e2e then

baohua 11:08 AM
thanks

WangDong 11:08 AM
OK

baohua 11:09 AM
and thanks to @tonyyang132 https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-4592 is done!

WangDong 11:09 AM
Sorry for the long delay

baohua 11:09 AM
pls also help make sure we keep sync with the fabric 1.0 release.
üöã

tonyyang132 11:09 AM
@baohua sure, will look into it

baohua 11:10 AM
@lafenicecc how's going with https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-4822?
and hope u get familiar with the maintainer's responsibility, which is more challenging :woo:

lafenicecc 11:11 AM
Sorry a bit busy recently, but will get it done asap. BTW i'll invite two phd students to join us

baohua 11:11 AM
nice! hope they like Python!

lafenicecc 11:11 AM
yea.. one of them loves go more than python..

baohua 11:12 AM
aha, we got an open issue here today: https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-4742

WeiHu 11:12 AM
üëç

baohua 11:12 AM
which Phd could pickup this one?
PhD is valuable always üòâ

lafenicecc 11:13 AM
I'll let them handle this as a start

baohua 11:13 AM
great, thanks!
aha, everything goes on as planed. so we do not have more on the agenda. Hope everyone are more clear during last week's design discussions.
feel free to post any issue/question in the team during the contribution.
So any more issue to discuss today? @grapebaba @lafenicecc
and other members certainly

WangDong 11:14 AM
I got question regarding the org in client class
yesterday ,we have a short discussion about it
but i want know more about it

baohua 11:15 AM
yeap

WangDong 11:15 AM
As I found this org now is only used for user key in state store
any import use in other place ?

baohua 11:16 AM
u can simply think an org as a MSP, while MSP represent some identity.
so the identity should be used in key related scenarios
at the same time, the org is mostly in used in those id, key, permission checking scenarios.
from client side, it should be with the identity related methods üôÇ

WangDong 11:17 AM
ok

baohua 11:17 AM
is that clear for u?

WangDong 11:17 AM
yes
I try to restore the user from state store

baohua 11:18 AM
yes?

WangDong 11:18 AM
Then I have to use it to build the key

baohua 11:18 AM
if u need it, then feel free to create some Organization class

grapebaba 11:19 AM
as mentioned state store

baohua 11:19 AM
i guess the node one doesn't have that concept although

grapebaba 11:19 AM
have another question

baohua 11:19 AM
actually, we finally may need to remove the states from client side
it's a workaround currently using state store

grapebaba 11:20 AM
really?

WangDong 11:21 AM
sure

baohua 11:21 AM
i guess so, the client could be stateless

grapebaba 11:21 AM
where we save certs and private keys

WangDong 11:21 AM
I just got a phone

baohua 11:21 AM
it may use some external store
but the sdk itself should not manage this store in future, how do u think?
i remember u got a question to discuss @grapebaba

grapebaba 11:23 AM
ok, sdk already provide state store interface

baohua 11:23 AM
yes?

WangDong 11:24 AM
the state store in sdk may be the front end, the back end can be pluggable?

grapebaba 11:26 AM
user enrollement and MSP files should be all certs and priv key files
must store in security way i think

baohua 11:26 AM
yeap
we can enhance the security later, that's must

grapebaba 11:28 AM
ok

qiang0723 11:28 AM
supplement: I set up a task to adjust the environment to meet the needs of development and testing, https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-5121, and plan the following environmental adjustment can be placed under this task, any suggestions?

baohua 11:28 AM
sure, can continue with this on env improvement

qiang0723 11:29 AM
ok

baohua 11:29 AM
ok, any other question to discuss?
If no more issue, will end the meeting, thanks every attendee and have a nice weekend!

tonyyang132 11:30 AM
thank you and see you around

WangDong 11:30 AM
have a nice weekend

grapebaba 11:32 AM 
üëè
