==== 2017-04-14 ==== 

Meeting will be held at [[https://chat.hyperledger.org/channel/fabric-sdk-py|rocketchat]] at 11AM (GMT+8).

=== Agenda ===
  * [[ https://jira.hyperledger.org/secure/RapidBoard.jspa?rapidView=85 | Jira board ]] status (chang will sync). 
  * [[ https://gerrit.hyperledger.org/r/#/q/project:fabric-sdk-py | Patchset]] for review. 
  * MVP remaining tasks discussion (kai will sync, 1768 by @lafenicecc and 1769 by @grapebaba).
  * Test coverage functionality enhancement (Chao Li will sync)
    * recent code complaining unsupported option --cov, to fix
  * E2E test (Ray Chen will sync)
  * [[https://docs.google.com/document/d/1R5RtIBMW9fZpli37E5Li5_Q9ve3BnQ4q3gWmGZj6Sv4 | SDK Spec]] is publicly available.
  * Other issues


=== Attendee ===
**Please put ur name before the meeting.**

  * Baohua Yang 
  * Kai Chen
  * Ray Chen
  * Wei Hu
  * Chang Chen
  * Chao Li


=== Log ===

baohua 11:00 AM
OK, meeting start
Today's agenda is at https://wiki.hyperledger.org/projects/fabric-sdk-py/meetings/20170414
Item #1: Jira board status (chang will sync).
would u like to sync @lafenicecc

lafenicecc 11:00 AM
ok
FAB-2871 e2e test is ongoing.
Ray has a patch to be reviewed

ray 11:01 AM
that's a WIP patch

lafenicecc 11:02 AM
OK~
FAB-3032 (about update images to 0.8.8 version) can be marked done? @camelbeck

camelbeck 11:02 AM
No, I have done some investigation on it, but still not finished it.

lafenicecc 11:03 AM
A recent patch already did that üòÅ
Now the ci is using 0.8.8

camelbeck 11:03 AM
Yes, I saw it
So this item can be marked DONE?

lafenicecc 11:04 AM
I suppose so

camelbeck 11:04 AM
OK

lafenicecc 11:04 AM
And MVP (FAB-1768 and 1769) is still ongoing
These are the working tasks for now @baohua

baohua 11:05 AM
thanks for the sync, chang, and great progress @ray @camelbeck
by the way, you can explain what does WIP (wait in proposal) means this time @ray

camelbeck 11:06 AM
üëè

baohua 11:06 AM
Just in case üôÇ
i may make wrong explanation üòû

ray 11:06 AM
work in progress üòâ

lafenicecc 11:06 AM
Work in Progress? to my understanding üôÇ

baohua 11:07 AM
so in this status, is it possible to open to review?

grapebaba 11:08 AM
üòÖ

ray 11:08 AM
I designed the module structure, but not ready for code review right now. Wei and me just synced and both were busy this week. I will try to make some progress this weekend
üëç 1  

baohua 11:09 AM
thanks, ray! that's nice usage of the gerrit tool
@grapebaba aha, u're back here now

grapebaba 11:09 AM
a little late

baohua 11:09 AM
OK, item#2: Patchset for review.
https://gerrit.hyperledger.org/r/#/q/project:fabric-sdk-py
Everyone pls help review all open patchsets
and make necessary discussions and helps, thanks!

lafenicecc 11:10 AM
https://gerrit.hyperledger.org/r/#/c/6181
Any updates for this?

baohua 11:11 AM
I suppose not
long time not seen david
@lafenicecc would u like to touch the author to ask his opinion?

lafenicecc 11:12 AM
OK, I'll do that

baohua 11:12 AM
Thanks
Item #3: MVP remaining tasks discussion (kai will sync, 1768 by @lafenicecc and 1769 by @grapebaba).
How's that going?

grapebaba 11:13 AM
will submit a patch today or next Monday
üëç 1  
for 1769

baohua 11:13 AM
great! that's big stone on the road!

grapebaba 11:14 AM
1768 should be updated done

lafenicecc 11:14 AM
Sure
waiting for grapebaba's new patch.. RxPy does have a learning curve for me..

baohua 11:15 AM
yeap, let's keep close collaboration, and make the mvp done soon. fabric 1.0's features will be frozen this month. so there will be no big change later.

grapebaba 11:16 AM
Rxpy have little document, and I suggest we can refer to RxJS

lafenicecc 11:16 AM
Thanks

baohua 11:16 AM
thanks! and then we can have the e2e test done @ray , before the announcement of supporting fabric 1.0 üôÇ
OK, item #4: Test coverage functionality enhancement (Chao Li will sync)
recent code complaining unsupported option ‚Äìcov, to fix
@camelbeck have u met the problem?

camelbeck 11:17 AM
Actually not
I will try to find the reason for this issue ASAP.

baohua 11:17 AM
what py version are u using?

lafenicecc 11:17 AM
I met that problem too

camelbeck 11:17 AM
2.7

baohua 11:17 AM
strange, as the ci does not complain

grapebaba 11:17 AM
make clean

baohua 11:17 AM
it should be ok for py 2.7
yeap, make clean before the test

camelbeck 11:18 AM
@grapebaba I will have another try later

baohua 11:18 AM
pls help track this issue @lafenicecc maybe u can create a bug in jira and assign to chao

grapebaba 11:18 AM
after make clean

lafenicecc 11:18 AM
OK!

grapebaba 11:18 AM
i don't have problem now

camelbeck 11:19 AM
so any suggestions for this issue @grapebaba

baohua 11:19 AM
anyway, let's track on jira and make sure the situation.

lafenicecc 11:19 AM
File Uploaded: Clipboard  
 

camelbeck 11:19 AM
thanks @lafenicecc

lafenicecc 11:20 AM
I haven't try make clean first

baohua 11:20 AM
OK, item #5: E2E test (Ray Chen will sync), i guess u have updated, any more comments? @ray

grapebaba 11:21 AM
i suspect tox cache

camelbeck 11:21 AM
OK, I will do some further investigation for this issue.

ray 11:22 AM
@bauhua no extra info

baohua 11:22 AM
OK
that's the main agenda, so any more issues to discuss today?

lafenicecc 11:23 AM
Sorry I missed something in the jira board. I notice Jim Zhang created a issue for all sdk projects
FAB-3081, might be a reminding: Remove /api/v1/cfssl prefix on fabric-ca-server endpoints
https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-3081
Please notice this

baohua 11:24 AM
aha, big change!
  
that may be why install fails sometime, thanks for pointing-out @lafenicecc

lafenicecc 11:24 AM
For example, change /api/v1/cfssl/enroll to /enroll. This is true for all REST URLs to fabric-ca-server. Support for the /api/v1/cfssl prefixed routes will be removed soon.

baohua 11:25 AM
pls also notice this @grapebaba may change soon
OK, any more issues?

grapebaba 11:26 AM
ok

baohua 11:26 AM
OK, if there's no more topics, will end the meeting.

grapebaba 11:26 AM
üëè

baohua 11:26 AM 
Thanks every attendee, have a nice weekend!

lafenicecc 11:27 AM
:woo:

camelbeck 11:27 AM
üëè