### 2017-02-10

#### Agenda

* [Jira board](https://jira.hyperledger.org/secure/RapidBoard.jspa?rapidView=85) status. There are several old tasks need to be clear soon.
  * Yan: [FAB-697](https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-697), [FAB-738](https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-738)
  * Fan: [FAB-737](https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-737)
  * Lei: [FAB-801](https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-801)

* [Patchset](https://gerrit.hyperledger.org/r/#/q/project:fabric-sdk-py) for review.
* MVP design and implementation progress (chang and latitiah need to drive this).
* [SDK Spec](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1R5RtIBMW9fZpli37E5Li5_Q9ve3BnQ4q3gWmGZj6Sv4) is publicly available.
* Other issues

#### Attendee

* Baohua Yang
* Kai Chen
* Chang Chen
* Bryan Huang
* Lei Li
* Jianhua Geng


#### Log

```
=== Meeting Start ===
Today's agenda is at https://wiki.hyperledger.org/projects/fabric-sdk-py/meetings/20170210.md
Item 1: Jira board status. There are several old tasks need to be clear soon.
I'm checking the jira board, pls visit https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-737?jql=project%20%3D%20FAB%20AND%20status%20in%20(%22In%20Progress%22%2C%20%22To%20Do%22%2C%20%22In%20Review%22)%20AND%20component%20%3D%20fabric-sdk-py%20ORDER%20BY%20created%20ASC%2C%20Rank%20ASC
There are several old issues, need to check the status.
@bryanhuang for https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-697
How's the work going?
Aha, seems yan is not online.

bryanhuang 11:02 AM
âœ‹
Im late

baohua Owner 11:03 AM
haha

grapebaba Owner 11:03 AM
ğŸ˜€

baohua Owner 11:03 AM
So how's going with https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-697 and https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-738?
@bryanhuang ?

bryanhuang 11:05 AM
those items need be refined ğŸ™‚

grapebaba Owner 11:05 AM
è¿™ä¸ªç™»å½•åšå®Œäº†

baohua Owner 11:05 AM
Thanks!

bryanhuang 11:05 AM
its for the 0.6

grapebaba Owner 11:05 AM
å…¶ä»–çš„éœ€è¦é’ˆå¯¹æ–°çš„CAåš

bryanhuang 11:05 AM
yes

baohua Owner 11:05 AM
and for each task assigner, pls remember to update the status in time.

bryanhuang 11:05 AM
sure
ğŸ˜

baohua Owner 11:06 AM
Pls help drive the work, and make appropriate change if necessary, e.g., update task aims and progress, thanks!
ğŸ›«
Fan is on the flight, and he is working with https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-737, hope we can finish it soon.
For https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-801, @SeeGo
Could u help tell the progress?

SeeGo 11:07 AM
on going. Most code will be reviewed next week

baohua Owner 11:07 AM
There are several sub-tasks for it

SeeGo 11:08 AM
yes

baohua Owner 11:08 AM
Do you need more assigners?
As the main task owner, pls help drive and call for volunteers if needed.

SeeGo 11:09 AM
not now.thanks.
ok

baohua Owner 11:10 AM
OK, pls feel free to tell if u need help to solve it in future, thanks and look forward to seeing the progress. ğŸ™‚

SeeGo 11:10 AM
ok .

baohua Owner 11:10 AM
OK. any other questions on the jira task board? Let's use it more this year for task tracking.
OK
Item 2: Patchset for review.

https://gerrit.hyperledger.org/r/#/q/project:fabric-sdk-py
Everyone, pls help review for each new patchset. +1, -1 or any comments are welcome.
We need to enhance the review process and appreciate for every reviewer. Thanks!
Any comment on this?
OK. item 3: MVP design and implementation progress
@lafenicecc @latitiah Would u like to update the status?

lafenicecc 11:13 AM
ok
there are already two patchsets merged, mainly for create_deploy_proposal
  
to go through all the processes
there are still some missing pieces
for example, msp and identity
we might also need to implement a User class
Can anyone help with that?

baohua Owner 11:15 AM
https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-1637
U need to splits the task and then call for volunteers to help ğŸ™‚

lafenicecc 11:16 AM
i noticed @grapebaba has picked up the send_transaction_proposal subtask
any progress or idea?
ok. i'll call for volunteers to help with those subtasks

baohua Owner 11:17 AM
@grapebaba online?

grapebaba Owner 11:17 AM
yes
doing now
send_transaction_proposal

lafenicecc 11:18 AM
ğŸ‘

grapebaba Owner 11:19 AM
as it need call multiple peers

baohua Owner 11:19 AM
Thanks, this task is of the highest priority. Everyone is encouraged to help on it. Pls feel free to add ur name at the task descriptions or create new sub-tasks. @all

grapebaba Owner 11:19 AM
so it is better to use rx extension

baohua Owner 11:19 AM
@lafenicecc pls help drive this and keep sync with the team

grapebaba Owner 11:19 AM
for parallel

baohua Owner 11:19 AM
Yeap
ğŸ’¡

grapebaba Owner 11:20 AM
i am doing investigation

baohua Owner 11:20 AM
nice to know that ğŸ™‚

grapebaba Owner 11:21 AM
test is more difficult, however i find a correct way

baohua Owner 11:21 AM
@genggjh jianhua, i also would like to know if your team can help on this task, thanks!
OK
item 4: sdk spec has some piece out-of-date, pls also see the fabric-sdk-node for reference.
especially there's a `examples` dir, as good starting place.
bad network....
i got lost just ..

lafenicecc 11:24 AM
haha

baohua Owner 11:24 AM
Any other issue to discuss today?

genggjh 11:25 AM
which one task you mentioned? @baohua

baohua Owner 11:25 AM
Aha, the mvp work https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-1637
This is of the highest pri.

genggjh 11:26 AM
ok, I will figure out. will let you know later

baohua Owner 11:26 AM
Thanks, jianhua!
Ok, if no other issue, will end
  
Have a nice weekend and happy lantern festival!
=== Meeting End ===
```