==== 2017-05-12 ==== 

Meeting will be held at [[https://chat.hyperledger.org/channel/fabric-sdk-py|rocketchat]] at 11AM (GMT+8).

=== Agenda ===
  * [[ https://jira.hyperledger.org/secure/RapidBoard.jspa?rapidView=85 | Jira board ]] status (chang will sync). 
  * [[ https://gerrit.hyperledger.org/r/#/q/project:fabric-sdk-py | Patchset]] for review. 
  * MVP remaining tasks discussion (kai and chang will sync).
  * E2E test (Ray Chen will sync)
  * [[https://docs.google.com/document/d/1R5RtIBMW9fZpli37E5Li5_Q9ve3BnQ4q3gWmGZj6Sv4 | SDK Spec]] is publicly available.
  * Other issues


=== Attendee ===
**Please put ur name before the meeting.**

  * Baohua Yang 
  * Kai Chen
  * Chao Li
  * Chang Chen
  * Wei Hu
  * Lei Li
  * Ray Chen

=== Log ===

baohua 11:00 AM
OK, meeting start
Today's agenda: https://wiki.hyperledger.org/projects/fabric-sdk-py/meetings/20170512
Item#1: Jira board status (chang will sync).
https://jira.hyperledger.org/secure/RapidBoard.jspa?rapidView=85

lafenicecc 11:00 AM
There are 5 tasks in progress for now.
1. FAB-3437 Update with latest proto files
Baohua is working on that, right?

ray 11:01 AM
‚úã

baohua 11:01 AM
yes, i will migrate it to latest env üôÇ

lafenicecc 11:01 AM
ok

baohua 11:02 AM
will fix in next week

lafenicecc 11:02 AM
2. FAB-3482 auto clean up coverage temp files and testing process refinement. @camelbeck has a new patch for this https://gerrit.hyperledger.org/r/#/c/9215
He can sync later

camelbeck 11:03 AM
OK

lafenicecc 11:03 AM
3. FAB-2871 implement e2e test @ray can help update the status later

camelbeck 11:03 AM
I have taken this task in our last meeting
üòÄ

ray 11:03 AM
@lafenicecc fab-2871 should have been re-assigned to @camelbeck

lafenicecc 11:04 AM
Ok

ray 11:04 AM
would be nice if @camelbeck can update the status

lafenicecc 11:04 AM
I can help with e2e implemention too @camelbeck üòÅ

ray 11:04 AM
üëç

camelbeck 11:04 AM
üëè
Great

lafenicecc 11:04 AM
let's get back to jira status..

baohua 11:04 AM
nice!

lafenicecc 11:05 AM
4. FAB-3081 Change /api/v1/cfssl/ prefix on fabric-ca-server endpoints to /api/v1/ prefix
david dornseifer has a patch for this: https://gerrit.hyperledger.org/r/#/c/8497
we can review the patch

baohua 11:06 AM
will review definitely
:woo:

lafenicecc 11:06 AM
5. FAB-3626 Python SDK needs to update REST calls to use caname
This is a new task from other team, who can have a look at this?

SeeGo 11:07 AM
Let me try this
üëç 1  

lafenicecc 11:07 AM
Thanks!

baohua 11:07 AM
aha, thanks
@lafenicecc pls help create a new jira task for lei
as part of this 3626 one

lafenicecc 11:08 AM
These are the ongoing tasks on jira. BTW, we can create more MVP sub-tasks @grapebaba

baohua 11:08 AM
thanks change for the sync, we are on nice task status
Item #2: pachset for review: https://gerrit.hyperledger.org/r/#/q/project:fabric-sdk-py
everyone is encouraged to do the review
@camelbeck ur patchset has ci error
u know how to check the error msg, right?

camelbeck 11:10 AM
Yes, it may because the conflict with david's 3788.

baohua 11:10 AM
jenkins links in the comment --> console output.

camelbeck 11:10 AM
I will update it later

baohua 11:10 AM
3788? it is not merged?

camelbeck 11:11 AM
https://gerrit.hyperledger.org/r/#/c/9201 this one

baohua 11:11 AM
The patchset only runs on the latest master branch
so non-merged one cannot affect ur new patchset üôÇ

camelbeck 11:11 AM
OK, so I need to check the error message further.

baohua 11:12 AM
aha, and remember to do rebase often. see git doc a little.
thanks

camelbeck 11:12 AM
üëå

baohua 11:12 AM
Item #3: MVP remaining issues.
@grapebaba will u help summarize?

grapebaba 11:13 AM
no update for this week

baohua 11:13 AM
OK. any update from @lafenicecc ?
i guess we need to fix the chaincode install problem soon

grapebaba 11:13 AM
i wonder who is interested in these tasks

baohua 11:13 AM
i will take a look

grapebaba 11:14 AM
such as instantiate and invoke

baohua 11:14 AM
sure, we welcome people joining to contribute
sunlight is ahead!

lafenicecc 11:15 AM
can u give us a status summarize for now? so more volunteers would come out

baohua 11:15 AM
after we fix install, and then instantiate/invoke should be easy to do.

lafenicecc 11:15 AM
i suppose some people don't know where to start with

baohua 11:15 AM
then the mvp would work!
aha, good question
We hope to mitigate the issue by jira board task and the online discussions.
Any question, just ask
and we may need more documentation in details?

WeiHu 11:16 AM
@grapebaba I'm interested, but I need some time to get familiar with fabric and py-sdk..

baohua 11:16 AM
thanks wei!

grapebaba 11:16 AM
sure, we can talk directly

baohua 11:17 AM   
this spirit is very valuable for the community, as i see the problem, and i will fix

grapebaba 11:17 AM
feel free to ping me

WeiHu 11:17 AM
ok~

baohua 11:18 AM
@WeiHu feel free to ask any question, the community is warm and friendly to everyone üôÇ
OK

grapebaba 11:18 AM
i assume we here should know the basic data flow in fabric

lafenicecc 11:19 AM
now the install test has a "TODO: create channel not implement yet"

baohua 11:19 AM
Currently, i strongly recommend everyone have a look at fabric/examples/e2e_cli

SeeGo 11:19 AM
ok

lafenicecc 11:19 AM
is this necessrary for the mvp?

baohua 11:19 AM
to support working on new channel, we need the create channel func

grapebaba 11:20 AM
yes, create channel is not implemented so that we use default channel now

WeiHu 11:20 AM
üòÅ

baohua 11:20 AM
yeap, and using default channel, we can only use the admin to operate, pls notice
the chaincode test case now is using common user role from fabric-ca, need to revise it
who wanna help fix this?

lafenicecc 11:21 AM
the Channel class and functions are not implemented in python sdk yet, right?

baohua 11:21 AM
should not difficult, i guess

lafenicecc 11:22 AM
need to catch up other sdks üòÅ

baohua 11:22 AM
@WeiHu do u wanna help revise the user role?

grapebaba 11:23 AM
https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-3483?filter=-2

WeiHu 11:23 AM
I can have a try

grapebaba 11:23 AM
@lafenicecc we have a discussion about channel and chain
actually we use Chain class represent channel now

baohua 11:24 AM
thanks wei

lafenicecc 11:24 AM
ok i got it

baohua 11:24 AM
@grapebaba i agree
we can first use chain--channel mapping first
But i also suggest we use the name of channel class
how do u think?

grapebaba 11:25 AM
ok

baohua 11:26 AM
thanks, let's create/update tasks on jira

lafenicecc 11:26 AM
which one do you think we should learn from, sdk-node or sdk-java? @grapebaba

grapebaba 11:26 AM
sure
better bothüòÖ

baohua 11:27 AM
java is more like py from structure

lafenicecc 11:27 AM
alright haha

grapebaba 11:27 AM
java first

baohua 11:27 AM
OK. Item #4: E2E work, i guess @camelbeck is working on it.

camelbeck 11:27 AM
Yes, I have read node‚Äôs e2e process, and now get the basic idea on what we should do. Next, I will update on jira of the architecture design.
üëç 2  

baohua 11:27 AM
thanks!
üå∫

camelbeck 11:28 AM
BTW, I would like introduce one new member to our project.
@WangDong
but he cannot find our channel

lafenicecc 11:28 AM
Welcome

baohua 11:28 AM
aha, welcome!

lafenicecc 11:28 AM
need to invite?

baohua 11:28 AM
for those cannot find the channel, just @ him...

camelbeck 11:29 AM
OK
I will ask him have a try later

lafenicecc 11:29 AM
is this bug in rocketchat or config issue..

baohua 11:29 AM
no, the channel is open to everyone, but sometime, people cannot search it out... @toddb
guess a bug, good news is there's a rocketchat upgrade recently

camelbeck 11:30 AM
I will invite him to our wechat group later, too.

ray 11:30 AM
you mean server end upgrade ?

baohua 11:30 AM
sure
yeap, the service

camelbeck 11:30 AM
üëå
He will begin with working on the e2e task together with me.

baohua 11:31 AM
OK, very efficient discussions today. more issues?

camelbeck 11:32 AM
Not any more for me

baohua 11:32 AM
finally, we will have the 1chain---m channel model, i guess @grapebaba

grapebaba 11:32 AM
correct

baohua 11:33 AM
OK any more issue for today?
If no, we will end the meeting, thanks for everyone and have nice weekend!
  
Let' fight for the MVP!

WeiHu 11:33 AM
can u create and assign jira task for me?

lafenicecc 11:34 AM
i can help

baohua 11:34 AM
üõ¨

WeiHu 11:34 AM 
ok thank you!