### 2017-03-03

#### Agenda

* [Jira board](https://jira.hyperledger.org/secure/RapidBoard.jspa?rapidView=85) status. There are several old tasks need to be clear soon.
  * Yan: [FAB-697](https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-697), [FAB-738](https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-738)
  * Fan: [FAB-737](https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-737)
* [Patchset](https://gerrit.hyperledger.org/r/#/q/project:fabric-sdk-py) for review.
* MVP design and implementation progress (kai and chang help drive this).
* [SDK Spec](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1R5RtIBMW9fZpli37E5Li5_Q9ve3BnQ4q3gWmGZj6Sv4) is publicly available.
* Other issues

#### Attendee

* Baohua Yang
* Kai Chen
* Chang Chen
* Ray Chen


#### Log

```
=== Meeting Start ===

meeting starts!
today's agenda: https://wiki.hyperledger.org/projects/fabric-sdk-py/meetings/20170303.md
item #1: jira board checking. will encourage everyone to update the task status @bryanhuang @tcz001 pls help update those two items.
https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-697
https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-738
https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-737
oops, three ones üôÇ
any question on the jira board?
@ray seems u wanna say sth?
ü§ì

ray 11:03 AM
yep, I made it, will join you all
üòâ

baohua 11:03 AM
thanks, glad to have u here, remember to add ur name to the list
OK, item #2: gerrit items: https://gerrit.hyperledger.org/r/#/q/project:fabric-sdk-py

ray 11:03 AM
sure

baohua 11:04 AM
last week we made great progress on mvp, thanks everyone!
@david_dornseifer would u like to take care of the proposed patchset? https://gerrit.hyperledger.org/r/#/c/6181. Thanks!
this one remains for two weeks, need to update soon üôÇ
@grapebaba @lafenicecc
will u help sync the status of our mvp?
i saw lots of progress, need to clarify the next steps.

lafenicecc 11:06 AM
how's the signature issue? @grapebaba

grapebaba 11:06 AM
still block

baohua 11:07 AM
guess @tcz001 is working on this?

grapebaba 11:07 AM
yeah, hope he can help

baohua 11:07 AM
great, pls keep syncing
other issues to do for mvp?

lafenicecc 11:08 AM
how about the protos path issue?

grapebaba 11:08 AM
alreay fixed
üëç 2  

lafenicecc 11:08 AM
üëç

baohua 11:09 AM
so now we can pickup protos from fabric code directly without any modification?
great!

grapebaba 11:09 AM
no

baohua 11:09 AM
ooops
üêß
aha, we still need to use abstract path in the import `xxxx`
e.g., `import "hfc/protos/common/common.proto";`
but the `package` should keep unchanged
correct?

grapebaba 11:11 AM
yes

baohua 11:11 AM
ok. @ray i remember u've helped a serialization item last week?

ray 11:12 AM
Yes, that's already merged into master

baohua 11:12 AM
thanks, and feel free to pick other tasks: https://jira.hyperledger.org/secure/RapidBoard.jspa?rapidView=85
Also, welcome to help on new ones like refining the documentation.
  
documentation is complained too much recently on the fabric project üòû
i would encourage everyone too to help on the documentation, it's very important for open-source projects!

lafenicecc 11:14 AM
what documentation, give an example?

baohua 11:14 AM
e.g., we have making lots of change on the structure.
some notes on the design structure/how to use the mvp would be appreciated.
no users wanna learn how to use the software from reading the source code.
üòú 1  
although i guess this will lead to a better understanding üêå
@lafenicecc btw, would u like to help check the jira tasks and confirm the current status are correct?

lafenicecc 11:16 AM
yes

baohua 11:16 AM
thanks!

ray 11:16 AM
@baohua sure, and I am helping track the ca modules recently, will sync if any progress is made
 baohua 11:12 AM
thanks, and feel free to pick other tasks: https://jira.hyperledger.org/secure/RapidBoard.jspa?rapidView=85

baohua 11:16 AM
thanks ray!

lafenicecc 11:17 AM
The fabric and node sdk codes are changing fast. I suppose each task owner has the responsibility of ... keep it up-to-date?

baohua 11:18 AM
the fabric code is going stable now. but the node sdk.... i guess we will be fine after finishing the mvp with minor updates. good suggestion anyway.

lafenicecc 11:18 AM
ok

baohua 11:18 AM
ok, item#4. the sdk link is at https://docs.google.com/document/d/1R5RtIBMW9fZpli37E5Li5_Q9ve3BnQ4q3gWmGZj6Sv4
hope everyone already be familiar with that.
#item 5: other issues?
some not-good-news, our sdk-py summer internship proposal seems not be accepted by LF.
however, we can work around in other ways, e.g., let's share in those campus events. specially, this hackathon in shanghai.
  
and for this, the documentation is important, again. üê∫

grapebaba 11:21 AM
I have a design change in recent mvp patch
not follow node SDK, maybe we could talk

baohua 11:21 AM
exactly, the node sdk is a reference.
let's make the py sdk better with those pythonic magics
üé∫

grapebaba 11:22 AM
the most difference is about Chain Object

baohua 11:22 AM
sure, would u like to discuss here or offline, both are fine with me

grapebaba 11:23 AM
node SDK put createchannel method in the Chain Object

baohua 11:23 AM
yes?

grapebaba 11:24 AM
however i understand the multiple channels actual multiple chains
So that i use chain object per channel
this is the main difference

baohua 11:26 AM
ok, well, i guess this is a definition problem. currently we agree each channel has separate ledger. we can discuss this more whether pick the 1chain-1channel model.
but definitely we have 1 network üôÇ
Ok, any more issues to discuss today?
Ok, then will end the meeting, thanks everyone and have nice weekend!‚õπ

ray 11:28 AM
have a good weekend üôÇ

=== Meeting End ===
```