==== 2017-03-24 ==== 

=== Agenda ===
  * Welcome for new contributor: Chao Li from IBM
  * [[ https://jira.hyperledger.org/secure/RapidBoard.jspa?rapidView=85 | Jira board ]] status (chang will sync). 
  * [[ https://gerrit.hyperledger.org/r/#/q/project:fabric-sdk-py | Patchset]] for review. 
  * MVP remaining tasks discussion (kai will sync, 1768 to @lafenicecc and 1769 to @grapebaba).
  * [[https://docs.google.com/document/d/1R5RtIBMW9fZpli37E5Li5_Q9ve3BnQ4q3gWmGZj6Sv4 | SDK Spec]] is publicly available.
  * Other issues
    * test coverage discussion

=== Attendee ===
**Please put ur name before the meeting.**

  * Baohua Yang 
  * Kai Chen
  * Wei Hu
  * Ray Chen
  * Chao Li
  * Chang Chen


=== Log ===


==Meeting start==

OK, let's start! thanks for all the attendees!
today's agenda is at https://wiki.hyperledger.org/projects/fabric-sdk-py/meetings/20170324
item #1, we have new contributor from IBM, Chao Li.
he is working in the system lab, and very hand-on at chaincode development.
item #2, Jira board status (chang will sync).
https://jira.hyperledger.org/secure/RapidBoard.jspa?rapidView=85

lafenicecc 11:03 AM
there are 2 ongoing tasks now
focusing on the mvp

baohua 11:03 AM
nice progress!
now we have two steps before the MVP!
thanks to @grapebaba and @lafenicecc and others, for the efforts towards sdk with such agile work!
sorry, network issues....
item #3, patchset on gerrit
here is the status, https://gerrit.hyperledger.org/r/#/q/project:fabric-sdk-py
@ray @WeiHu would encourage u both make some record there as the new contributors.

ray 11:08 AM
ğŸ‘ŒğŸ¼

baohua 11:08 AM
ğŸ‘
thanks

WeiHu 11:08 AM
ğŸ˜ºå¥½çš„

baohua 11:09 AM
ok

camelbeck 11:09 AM
hi, every one, glad to take part in this project
ğŸ“ 2  

baohua 11:09 AM
item #4: MVP remaining tasks discussion (kai will sync, 1768 to @lafenicecc and 1769 to @grapebaba).
@camelbeck will give u 5 mins at last for self-brief. ğŸ™‚

camelbeck 11:09 AM
sure

baohua 11:10 AM
@grapebaba can u sync and indicate what items we still need people to help?
ğŸ§

grapebaba 11:10 AM
sorry, this week is busy so that no progress for 1769

baohua 11:12 AM
ok, do we need more people on 1769? kai
@grapebaba

grapebaba 11:12 AM
no, will catch up next week

baohua 11:13 AM
thanks

lafenicecc 11:13 AM
do we need to add an e2e example, like node-sdk did?

baohua 11:13 AM
exactly @ray would u like to start writing the e2e test case?

grapebaba 11:13 AM
+1

baohua 11:14 AM
and @WeiHu can help, i suggest.

ray 11:14 AM
ok I will pick this together with Wei

WeiHu 11:14 AM
ok

grapebaba 11:14 AM
maybe one thing we can discuss

lafenicecc 11:14 AM
i'll add a jira task

baohua 11:14 AM
thanks, @lafenicecc pls help create a jira task.
sure, kai

grapebaba 11:15 AM
now i introduce rxpy lib for handle parallel invoke multiple endorers
but it may be not usual

baohua 11:16 AM
yeap, saw it

grapebaba 11:16 AM
anyone knows other options

baohua 11:16 AM
i guess rxpy is suitable for this case, but not sure how's the perf gurantee
otherwise, will use thread/event mode with more complicated code, i suppose

ray 11:18 AM
https://github.com/ReactiveX/RxPY this lib you guys are talking about, right?

baohua 11:18 AM
yeap

grapebaba 11:18 AM
yes

baohua 11:18 AM
and i suggest we do not optimize too earlier ğŸ™‚
so the code can work, that's rule #0!

grapebaba 11:19 AM
ok
however need guys familiar the API
it is more like RxJS

baohua 11:20 AM
yeap that's learning curve
i would suggest we keep using it first to finish the MVP, then see if there's problem in practice. how do u guys think?

grapebaba 11:20 AM
yeah

ray 11:21 AM
I agree with it

baohua 11:21 AM
and, maybe kai can help write some notes in the doc, introducing the basic apis and best-practice.

grapebaba 11:21 AM
sure

baohua 11:21 AM
that would be even cooler! ğŸ»
OK, sdk spec link again: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1R5RtIBMW9fZpli37E5Li5_Q9ve3BnQ4q3gWmGZj6Sv4. suggest the new comer have a look @camelbeck

camelbeck 11:22 AM
you guys did great work, ğŸ‘
no problem

baohua 11:22 AM
and there's some out-of-dated content in the spec. the code is the final rule. we have the java/nodesdk now.

camelbeck 11:22 AM
maybe i can start with it

baohua 11:22 AM
#item 6: test coverage discussion
@camelbeck aha, sure.

grapebaba 11:23 AM
i think first we can add a coverage report lib in build

baohua 11:23 AM
any comments on #6? is it good time to start this discussion now?

ray 11:23 AM
agree with kai

baohua 11:24 AM   
sure, any suggested candidate lib to use?

grapebaba 11:24 AM
could add a task first

baohua 11:24 AM
@camelbeck are u familiar with the test coverage tool?

grapebaba 11:25 AM
owner can help investigate

baohua 11:25 AM
it should be not that difficult to learn.
@grapebaba sure, create the issue first.

camelbeck 11:25 AM
sorry, have no knowledge about it, does it easy to learn?

baohua 11:25 AM
and maybe @camelbeck can pick that as the starting job.
aha, python world is always easy to get on hand.
u can do some investigation first

camelbeck 11:26 AM
ok, i will have a try

baohua 11:26 AM
Thanks!

camelbeck 11:26 AM
ğŸ˜€

baohua 11:27 AM
And now, welcome @camelbeck to give a self-introduction!!
ğŸŒ»ğŸŒºâ›¹

camelbeck 11:27 AM
OK
Hi, everyone, self intro: li chao, now working in IBM CSL on mainframe os rletated development.
Previously, have studied fabric source code from chaincode view.
And now I have some intersts in open source, I think this project may be a good start for me.

WeiHu 11:28 AM
ğŸ‘

baohua 11:29 AM
welcome @camelbeck

camelbeck 11:29 AM
Hope to make some contributions to this project in future cooperating with you guys.
ğŸ‘ 1  
ğŸ˜
thanks

baohua 11:30 AM
and we're an opensource team, so self-motivation is encouraged, by actively contributing code, discussion, and find issues to solve, and improving existing tool, etc. no one will blame if you make any trouble.
so, come on, show urself and do something, also to everyone~~

camelbeck 11:30 AM
got it, thanks.

baohua 11:30 AM
ğŸ˜‰

ray 11:31 AM
about the coverage tool topic: https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#testing endorse `coverage`

baohua 11:31 AM
OK

ray 11:31 AM
https://pypi.python.org/pypi/coverage

baohua 11:31 AM
thanks ray's suggestion. good start point
ok, any more issues to discuss today?

camelbeck 11:32 AM
ğŸ˜€
my network is poor,ğŸ˜

baohua 11:32 AM
the network really sucks today...

camelbeck 11:32 AM
thanks @ray

ray 11:32 AM
ğŸ˜…

grapebaba 11:33 AM
ğŸ‘

baohua 11:33 AM
Ok, if no other issue, will end the discussion, we overdue 3 mins

camelbeck 11:33 AM
ğŸ‘

baohua 11:33 AM
Thanks everyone, and have a nice weekend!

WeiHu 11:33 AM 
ğŸ‘

lafenicecc 11:34 AM 
ğŸ‘
==Meeting end==
