==== 2017-08-04 ==== 

Meeting will be held at [[https://chat.hyperledger.org/channel/fabric-sdk-py|rocketchat]] at 11AM (GMT+8).

  * [[https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-4623?jql=project%20%3D%20FAB%20AND%20status%20in%20(%22In%20Progress%22%2C%20%22To%20Do%22)%20AND%20component%20%3D%20fabric-sdk-py | Ongoing Jira task]]
  * [[ https://gerrit.hyperledger.org/r/#/q/project:fabric-sdk-py+status:open | Open Patchset for review]]
  * [[https://docs.google.com/document/d/1R5RtIBMW9fZpli37E5Li5_Q9ve3BnQ4q3gWmGZj6Sv4 | SDK Spec]]

=== Agenda ===

  * chaincode Install: Kai is working on [[https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-5151 | FAB-5151]]
  * E2E: Dong Wang is working on [[https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-2871 | FAB-2871]]
  * User Role: Wei Hu is working on [[https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-3885|FAB-3885]]
  * EventHub: Chang Chen is working on [[https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-4822|FAB-4822]]
  * Register: Baohua is working on [[https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-3165|FAB-3165]]
  * TODO issues:
    * Update license header: [[https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-4742|FAB-4742]]
  * Other issues


=== Attendee ===
**Please put ur name before the meeting.**

  * Baohua Yang
  * Kai Chen
  * Tony Yang
  * Qiang Wang
  * Dong Wang


=== Log ===

baohua 11:00 AM
great, let's start the meeting.
Today's agenda is at https://wiki.hyperledger.org/projects/fabric-sdk-py/meetings/20170804
Mostly the team is working on patchsets. let's pass through

qiang0723 11:01 AM
‚úã

baohua 11:01 AM
chaincode Install: Kai is working on FAB-5151

JIRA @hyperledger-jira-l BOT 11:01 AM
Found 1 issue
FAB-5151 
Sync install chaincode for latest Fabric version
Assigned To
Kai Chen  
Status
Done  
Reporter
Kai Chen  
Priority
Medium

baohua 11:01 AM
he is not online today.
E2E: Dong Wang is working on FAB-2871

JIRA @hyperledger-jira-l BOT 11:01 AM
Found 1 issue
FAB-2871 
implement e2e test
Assigned To
Dong Wang  
Status
In Progress  
Reporter
Chang Chen  
Priority
High

baohua 11:01 AM
Any update? I saw some formatting problem in the patchset

WangDong 11:02 AM
OK my first patch is ready. I will send it soon

baohua 11:02 AM
thanks, it's a good start!
User Role: Wei Hu is working on FAB-3885

JIRA @hyperledger-jira-l BOT 11:02 AM
Found 1 issue
FAB-3885 
Revise user role in chaincode test
Assigned To
Wei Hu  
Status
In Progress  
Reporter
Chang Chen  
Priority
Medium

baohua 11:03 AM
@WeiHu is not online today.

grapebaba 11:03 AM
aha, later

baohua 11:03 AM
wel~~
just in time, can u help update the chaincode installation work?
@grapebaba
@lafenicecc

grapebaba 11:04 AM
hmm, i am doing a fabric ticket this week so no update for this one

baohua 11:04 AM
OK~
Any issue to discuss till now?
üêß
EventHub: Chang Chen is working on FAB-4822

JIRA @hyperledger-jira-l BOT 11:05 AM
Found 1 issue
FAB-4822 
Complete eventhub component
Assigned To
Chang Chen  
Status
To Do  
Reporter
Kai Chen  
Priority
Medium

grapebaba 11:05 AM
about 2871

baohua 11:05 AM
sure, dong's work on FAB-2871

JIRA @hyperledger-jira-l BOT 11:05 AM
Found 1 issue
FAB-2871 
implement e2e test
Assigned To
Dong Wang  
Status
In Progress  
Reporter
Chang Chen  
Priority
High

grapebaba 11:05 AM
i am confused how to review that

WangDong 11:06 AM
you mean my patch?

baohua 11:06 AM
? dong can u help post the gerrit link to the jira comments

WangDong 11:06 AM
the link of my patch?
OK

baohua 11:06 AM
yeap

grapebaba 11:06 AM
it is not easy to review since no function real work right now

baohua 11:06 AM
yes, the initial goal is to summarize some basic workflow that everyone agree on
any more question?
OK, Register: Baohua is working on FAB-3165

JIRA @hyperledger-jira-l BOT 11:08 AM
Found 1 issue
FAB-3165 
Implement the user registration to fabric-ca
Assigned To
Baohua Yang  
Status
In Review  
Reporter
Keith Smith  
Priority
Medium

baohua 11:09 AM
No much update this week. still dive into the auth-token problem...
And we have an open issue: Update license header: FAB-4742

JIRA @hyperledger-jira-l BOT 11:09 AM
Found 1 issue
FAB-4742 
Add license header for sdk-py&#39;s code and docs
Assigned To
Unassigned  
Status
To Do  
Reporter
Baohua Yang  
Priority
Highest

baohua 11:09 AM
Who wanna pick this one?
@qiang0723 would u like to do?

qiang0723 11:10 AM
ok I get this task

baohua 11:10 AM
thanks
OK, no much more agenda today, any free question? :woo:
Dong suggest we use uberconf as call-meeting
How do u think? @grapebaba @tonyyang132 @qiang0723

grapebaba 11:12 AM
both ok

tonyyang132 11:12 AM
we can certainly try and if things don't go expected we can always go back here.

qiang0723 11:12 AM
can have a try

baohua 11:13 AM
Sure, can u login into https://www.uberconference.com/hyperledger-community?
We can have a try now, there's no occupation now.
Dong and I'm there
Seems work for online discussions, we can try next time üôÇ
Ok, any more issues for today?
I do not know how to record the meeting using uberconf...
@WangDong can u help see if we can do that

WangDong 11:19 AM
OK
I will have a look at it

baohua 11:19 AM
Thanks

WangDong 11:19 AM
np

baohua 11:19 AM
Any more issue?

grapebaba 11:20 AM
no

baohua 11:20 AM
OK. if no more issue, will end the meeting, thanks every attendee and have a nice weekend!

tonyyang132 11:20 AM 
üëè