==== 2017-07-28 ==== 

Meeting will be held at [[https://chat.hyperledger.org/channel/fabric-sdk-py|rocketchat]] at 11AM (GMT+8).

  * [[https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-4623?jql=project%20%3D%20FAB%20AND%20status%20in%20(%22In%20Progress%22%2C%20%22To%20Do%22)%20AND%20component%20%3D%20fabric-sdk-py | Ongoing Jira task]]
  * [[ https://gerrit.hyperledger.org/r/#/q/project:fabric-sdk-py+status:open | Open Patchset for review]]
  * [[https://docs.google.com/document/d/1R5RtIBMW9fZpli37E5Li5_Q9ve3BnQ4q3gWmGZj6Sv4 | SDK Spec]]

=== Agenda ===

  * chaincode Install: Kai is working on [[https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-5151 | FAB-5151]]
  * E2E: Dong Wang is working on [[https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-2871 | FAB-2871]]
  * User Role: Wei Hu is working on [[https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-3885|FAB-3885]]
  * EventHub: Chang Chen is working on [[https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-4822|FAB-4822]]
  * Register: Baohua is working on [[https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-3165|FAB-3165]]
  * TODO issues:
    * Update license header: [[https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-4742|FAB-4742]]
  * Other issues


=== Attendee ===
**Please put ur name before the meeting.**

  * Baohua Yang
  * Kai Chen
  * Chang Chen
  * Qiang Wang
  * Tony Yang


=== Log ===

baohua 11:01 AM
ok
Today's agenda: https://wiki.hyperledger.org/projects/fabric-sdk-py/meetings/20170728
item 1: chaincode Install: Kai is working on FAB-5151
@grapebaba how's going?
https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-5151
@tonyyang132 pls add ur name to the agenda page

grapebaba 11:02 AM
not passed test

baohua 11:02 AM
hope there's no big issue with it

grapebaba 11:02 AM
still investigate

tonyyang132 11:03 AM
@baohua OK, on it

baohua 11:03 AM
sure, feel free to throw out the log if needing help
@WangDong online?
@WeiHu
chang is on a leave today

WeiHu 11:04 AM
âœ‹

baohua 11:04 AM
great, wei
can u update the status on https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-3885?

WangDong 11:05 AM
yes

WeiHu 11:05 AM
no progress this week, still waiting chain code install

baohua 11:06 AM
OK, pls keep close cooperation with kai, then.
@luj
dong, can u help update the status on https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-2871?

WangDong 11:07 AM
I will finish the first sub task this week. Some basic confused me a lot. I have figure out them.
Ok

baohua 11:07 AM
ok, is there any question u wanna ask now?
or issues to discuss?
i guess for the e2e, we can first have some quick doc and framework code.

WangDong 11:09 AM
OK

baohua 11:09 AM
feel free to drop out question if there's ğŸ™‚
ğŸŒº

WangDong 11:09 AM
I was confused by the relation ship between the nodes
when the docker compose up

baohua 11:09 AM
nodes? u mean peer node or orderer node?

WangDong 11:09 AM
yes
they are just working but no relation with each other I think

baohua 11:10 AM
aha, @grapebaba any quick comments?

grapebaba 11:11 AM
not understand your question

baohua 11:11 AM
IMHO, those peers work together as the fabric network, to provide service. so they should have relationship.
can u elaborate ur question?
@WangDong

WangDong 11:13 AM
æˆ‘åœ¨æƒ³æ€ä¹ˆæŠŠé—®é¢˜è¯´æ¸…æ¥š

baohua 11:14 AM
sure, take ur time. meanwhile, i'm working on https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-3165
now need the last part of using signingidentity to make an auth token
hopefully can finish the register functionality soon.
Another item is the license header
https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-4742
We need to add/check the header for every code/doc
@lujiang has some experience, hopefully she can help this work
:woo: @WangDong ready for ur question, now?

WangDong 11:16 AM
æœ‰ä¸€ä¸ªæ“ä½œï¼Œæˆ‘æ¯”è¾ƒçœ‹å›°æƒ‘ï¼Œåœ¨åšè¿™ä¸ªæµ‹è¯•çš„æ—¶å€™ï¼Œnode sdk éœ€è¦æŠŠé…ç½®æ–‡ä»¶çš„æ‰€æœ‰node enroll.å¦‚æœä»–ä»¬éƒ½åœ¨ç½‘ç»œè€Œä¸”äº’ç›¸æœ‰å…³ç³»ï¼Œé‚£ä»–ä»¬è‚¯å®šå·²ç»enroll äº†ï¼Œä¸ºä»€ä¹ˆè¿˜è¦enrollã€‚
enrollæˆ‘ç†è§£å°±æ˜¯æŠŠèŠ‚ç‚¹åœ¨caæ³¨å†Œï¼Œè·å¾—èº«ä»½

baohua 11:17 AM
enroll means to let the fabric network recognize the client.
each client is independent with each other.
so every client need to enroll himself.
so is this answering ur question?

WangDong 11:18 AM
ä½†æ˜¯è¿™äº›èŠ‚ç‚¹åœ¨docker compose èµ·æ¥çš„æ—¶å€™ä¸æ˜¯éƒ½å·²ç»åœ¨ç½‘ç»œé‡Œé¢äº†ä¹ˆ
ä½ çš„æ„æ€æ˜¯å½“å®¢æˆ·ç«¯é“¾æ¥è¿™äº›èŠ‚ç‚¹çš„æ—¶å€™æ¯”å¦‚é‡æ–°enroll?

baohua 11:18 AM
yeap, in this case, these nodes work like client to enroll themselves.

WangDong 11:18 AM
å¿…é¡»

baohua 11:18 AM
nooo.
to keep the e2e case more simple, we can simple write down like : 1) client enrolls in the network; 2) client installs a chaincode to some peer; 3) client instantiates the chaincode; 4) client invokes the chaincode.
does this make sense?
more details can be added after we pass through the basic workflow.

WangDong 11:20 AM
so when the compose up ,these nodes are not enrolled, right
?

baohua 11:20 AM
if u mean the compose.yaml inside sdk-py project, yes, no need to enroll them.
only client sdk needs to enroll now.
@grapebaba any comments?

grapebaba 11:22 AM
i haven't seen those codes

baohua 11:22 AM
@WangDong any more confusing now?

grapebaba 11:23 AM
since CA is not necessary, i assume nodes no need to enroll when docker-compose up

WangDong 11:23 AM
OK, æˆ‘é—®çš„ç®€æ´äº›ï¼Œå½“compose up çš„æ—¶å€™ï¼Œè¿™äº›èŠ‚ç‚¹å·²ç»enrolläº†ã€‚æˆ‘åœ¨æ“ä½œçš„æ—¶å€™ä¸éœ€è¦é‡æ–°enroll äº†å“ˆ

grapebaba 11:23 AM
åº”è¯¥æ²¡æœ‰enroll

baohua 11:23 AM   
yeap, client enrolls once, then u will get all the required cert/key files.

grapebaba 11:24 AM
å› ä¸ºå¯ä»¥ ä¸è¦ca
ä¹Ÿèƒ½å¯åŠ¨ç½‘ç»œ

baohua 11:24 AM
@WangDong the sdk-py is to design a client sdk, so u do not need to care the peer nodes, actually.

WangDong 11:25 AM
å—¯ï¼Œ æˆ‘åªæƒ³ææ¸…æ¥šä»–ä»¬æ€ä¹ˆå·¥ä½œçš„ã€‚ä¸ç„¶æˆ‘åªèƒ½ä¾ç…§node æ¥å†™ã€‚

baohua 11:25 AM
any more issue?
aha, then suggest u have a look at our documentation

grapebaba 11:26 AM
ä½ æŠŠä»£ç ä½ç½®å‘æ¥çœ‹çœ‹

WangDong 11:26 AM
OK

baohua 11:26 AM
Here's lot! https://wiki.hyperledger.org/groups/twgc/team_ie

WangDong 11:26 AM
æˆ‘æ˜¯å…ˆçœ‹node å†æƒ³ç€å®ç°py

baohua 11:26 AM
somehow, the node one is very complicated, can just use as a reference.
have a quick look, then good enough
OK, any more issues from everyone?

WangDong 11:27 AM
OK
I will have a look at this

baohua 11:27 AM
Sure, and feel free to discuss with the team
OK, any more issue to discuss today? everyone

WangDong 11:28 AM
@grapebaba lets discuss later in wechat

grapebaba 11:28 AM
sure

baohua 11:28 AM
great!

tonyyang132 11:29 AM
the doc compile is really great resourceğŸ‘

baohua 11:29 AM
OK. if no more issue, will end the meeting, thanks every attendee and have a nice weekend!ğŸ¤ğŸŒ®

grapebaba 11:30 AM
ğŸ‘

tonyyang132 11:31 AM 
ğŸ‘