==== 2017-08-18 ==== 

Meeting will be held at [[https://chat.hyperledger.org/channel/fabric-sdk-py|rocketchat]] at 11AM (GMT+8).

  * [[https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-4623?jql=project%20%3D%20FAB%20AND%20status%20in%20(%22In%20Progress%22%2C%20%22To%20Do%22)%20AND%20component%20%3D%20fabric-sdk-py | Ongoing Jira task]]
  * [[ https://gerrit.hyperledger.org/r/#/q/project:fabric-sdk-py+status:open | Open Patchset for review]]
  * [[https://docs.google.com/document/d/1R5RtIBMW9fZpli37E5Li5_Q9ve3BnQ4q3gWmGZj6Sv4 | SDK Spec]]

=== Agenda ===

  * chaincode Install: Kai is working on [[https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-5151 | FAB-5151]]
  * E2E: Dong Wang is working on [[https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-2871 | FAB-2871]]
  * User Role: Wei Hu is working on [[https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-3885|FAB-3885]]
  * EventHub: Chang Chen is working on [[https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-4822|FAB-4822]]
  * Register: Baohua is working on [[https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-3165|FAB-3165]]
  * Update license header: Qiang Wang is working on [[https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-4742|FAB-4742]]
  * David is working on [[https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-4315|FAB-4315]]
  * Other issues


=== Attendee ===
**Please put ur name before the meeting.**

  * Baohua Yang
  * Kai Chen
  * Tony Yang
  * Dong Wang
  * Qiang Wang
  * David Dornseifer


=== Log ===

baohua 11:00 AM
OK
today's agenda is at https://wiki.hyperledger.org/projects/fabric-sdk-py/meetings/20170818
Kai is not online.
So dong, would u like to sync on FAB-2871?

JIRA @hyperledger-jira-l BOT 11:01 AM
Found 1 issue
FAB-2871 
implement e2e test
Assigned To
Dong Wang  
Status
In Progress  
Reporter
Chang Chen  
Priority
High

grapebaba 11:02 AM
‚úã

baohua 11:03 AM
@wangdong
Great, kai is online
OK,
@grapebaba can u help sync on FAB-5151?

JIRA @hyperledger-jira-l BOT 11:04 AM
Found 1 issue
FAB-5151 
Sync install chaincode for latest Fabric version
Assigned To
Kai Chen  
Status
Done  
Reporter
Kai Chen  
Priority
Medium

wangdong 11:05 AM
I am here
I thought it would be a audio meeting.
just wait...

baohua 11:06 AM
@grapebaba @qiang0723 do u want to use audio conf?

grapebaba 11:06 AM
busy on company project, have no time these days

baohua 11:06 AM
understand

wangdong 11:06 AM
I am transferring these days, So I got some time to do the job.

baohua 11:07 AM
Thanks dong

grapebaba 11:07 AM
type is ok

baohua 11:07 AM
that's oss, we are all part-time contributing code üôÇ

qiang0723 11:07 AM
My audio can not be used

baohua 11:07 AM
OK, so let's use text chat this time @wangdong ?

wangdong 11:07 AM
sure
np

grapebaba 11:08 AM
i also have some problem with audio

wangdong 11:08 AM
I will improve the code according to java

baohua 11:08 AM
thanks, dong

wangdong 11:08 AM
and improve the my first patch

baohua 11:09 AM
@WeiHu and @lafenicecc are not onlien
On FAB-3165, i'm still working on it. will update later.
@qiang0723 would u like to help sync on FAB-4742?

JIRA @hyperledger-jira-l BOT 11:10 AM
Found 1 issue
FAB-4742 
Add license header for sdk-py&#39;s code and docs
Assigned To
Qiang Wang  
Status
To Do  
Reporter
Baohua Yang  
Priority
Highest

qiang0723 11:10 AM
This task has not been done yetÔºåbut i will do it soon, and I will refer to https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/CE-52 to add the license

baohua 11:11 AM
Thanks

wangdong 11:11 AM
I got a question actually about relation between user role and peer role. user gets member, admin. does this relates with roles of peers?

baohua 11:11 AM
simply we need to add a license head lines at all code
and bottom line for all docs.
@wangdong good questions. @grapebaba would u like to help address?

david_dornseifer 11:12 AM
hi, online as well üôÇ

grapebaba 11:13 AM
üëè

baohua 11:13 AM
welcome, david

qiang0723 11:13 AM
ok understand , will divided it into several sub-tasks, so new added can join the task to familiar the process

wangdong 11:13 AM
üëè
welcome

baohua 11:13 AM
how's going? we need more help from u @david_dornseifer üôÇ

david_dornseifer 11:14 AM
yea üôÇ working on fab-4315 right now
have implemented the basic structure
was super busy the last few weeks with work
guess will be better now

baohua 11:14 AM
Thanks, lft seeing ur new patch.
  
Let's keep close collaboration.

grapebaba 11:15 AM
@baohua i am not sure i can answer this question

baohua 11:15 AM
OK, let me try to help @wangdong
Typically, for an org, we now have two permission level: admin and member.
While in a fabric network, we can have various roles, like a client, user, peer, etc.
sometimes, a role may be bind with a permission level
but that's not restricted to.
is that clear now?

wangdong 11:17 AM
not so clear
maybe more talk in meetup

baohua 11:18 AM
sure, keep asking üôÇ
feel free to drop in maillist and also group channels

wangdong 11:18 AM
ok

baohua 11:18 AM
Thanks
OK, so that's all planed agenda.
Anything else?
@david_dornseifer wanna say sth?

david_dornseifer 11:20 AM
guess i'll update the readme soon so that we can point out how to run the unit test and flake8 separate from the integration tests so we can make sure that all patches are validated by flake8

baohua 11:20 AM
Great idea, feel free to create jira task and work on it üôÇ

david_dornseifer 11:21 AM
job builder complained about missing whitespaces etc. allot üôÇ

baohua 11:21 AM
Everyone is encouraged to find and address problem/issues
haha, blood due to whitespace
OK, any more issue to discuss today?

david_dornseifer 11:21 AM
sry not missing whitespaced, additional whitespaces üôÇ

baohua 11:21 AM
our `make check` locally should find the whitespace issue

david_dornseifer 11:22 AM
yes but that also triggers the integration tests

baohua 11:22 AM
right

david_dornseifer 11:22 AM
and that takes allot of time

baohua 11:22 AM
we suggest all patchset pass local check before submission
got ur idea now, maybe can fail after checking grammar
stop from running more testing

david_dornseifer 11:23 AM
yea just for faster development i think we should have `tox -v flake8` written on the readme
but yes agree to submit a patch make check should be successful

baohua 11:24 AM
sure, and still pass all testing before submission -:)
OK, any more issue? @wangdong @grapebaba @qiang0723

wangdong 11:25 AM
no

qiang0723 11:25 AM
no

baohua 11:25 AM
OK, If no further question, we will end the meeting. Thanks every participant, and have a nice weekend!

wangdong 11:25 AM
have a nice weekend

baohua 11:25 AM
‚õ≥

david_dornseifer 11:26 AM 
thx - happy Friday
