### 2017-01-06

#### Agenda

* [Jira board](https://jira.hyperledger.org/secure/RapidBoard.jspa?rapidView=85) status syncing.
* [Patchset](https://gerrit.hyperledger.org/r/#/q/status:open+project:fabric-sdk-py) under review.
* [SDK Spec](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1R5RtIBMW9fZpli37E5Li5_Q9ve3BnQ4q3gWmGZj6Sv4) is publicly available.
* Other issues

#### Attendee

* Kai Chen
* Qiang Wang
* Chuanjian Wang


#### Log

```
=== Meeting Start ===

grapebaba
[11:02]grapebaba ok, let us wait one min
[11:03]grapebaba anyone else?
[11:03]grapebaba ok, let's begin
[11:04]grapebaba first topic is JIRA status update
[11:05]grapebaba as yan and jiang not here, should no update
[11:06]grapebaba ckeyer, Do you want to pick one ?:grinning:
[11:06]ckeyer sure
[11:07]grapebaba feel free to choose one
[11:07]grapebaba https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-1050?filter=-1
[11:07]grapebaba this is for me,  need another patch to add generate CSR feature
[11:08]grapebaba will push next week
[11:09]grapebaba Let us go to second item
[11:09]grapebaba review the patch
[11:09]grapebaba https://gerrit.hyperledger.org/r/#/q/status:open+project:fabric-sdk-py
[11:10]grapebaba currently only one patch in review,
[11:10]grapebaba i think fan jiang will do a little fix soon
[11:10]grapebaba otherwise looks good
[11:11]qiang Sorry to be late ,i'm in charge of FAB-803, But i hope someone can help me design it  together,Thanks!
[11:11]grapebaba ok
[11:11]grapebaba qiang
[11:11]grapebaba let us discuss later
[11:12]grapebaba everyone can review the patch
[11:12]qiang Ok,thanks
[11:12]grapebaba third one, review the SDK spec
[11:13]grpaebaba https://docs.google.com/document/d/1R5RtIBMW9fZpli37E5Li5_Q9ve3BnQ4q3gWmGZj6Sv4
[11:13]grapebaba I think it need some change as currently many design changes
[11:13]grapebaba everyone can make comment and suggestion
[11:14]grpaebaba any questions? qiang, ckeyer
[11:15]qiang nope
[11:15]ckeyer no, if there is a problem, WeChat to ask you
[11:16]grapebaba OK
[11:16]grapebaba that is all for today's topics
[11:17]grapebaba we can discuss other issues now
[11:17]grapebaba if you have
[11:17]grapebaba qiang, for FAB-803, could you make a basic structure first?
[11:18]grapebaba like peer
[11:18]qiang ok
[11:18]grapebaba any other issues need to discuss?
[11:20]grpababa if no we can finish, thank you guys
[11:21]qiang thanks
=== Meeting End ===
```
