==== 2017-04-07 ==== 

=== Agenda ===
  * [[ https://jira.hyperledger.org/secure/RapidBoard.jspa?rapidView=85 | Jira board ]] status (chang will sync). 
  * [[ https://gerrit.hyperledger.org/r/#/q/project:fabric-sdk-py | Patchset]] for review. 
  * MVP remaining tasks discussion (kai will sync, 1768 to @lafenicecc and 1769 to @grapebaba).
  * Test coverage functionality status (Chao Li will sync)
  * E2E test (Ray Chen will sync)
  * [[https://docs.google.com/document/d/1R5RtIBMW9fZpli37E5Li5_Q9ve3BnQ4q3gWmGZj6Sv4 | SDK Spec]] is publicly available.
  * Other issues
  * 

=== Attendee ===
**Please put ur name before the meeting.**

  * Baohua Yang 
  * Kai Chen
  * Ray Chen
  * Wei Hu
  * Chao Li
  * Chang Chen



=== Log ===

baohua 11:00 AM
Ok, let's start!

ray 11:01 AM
✋

baohua 11:01 AM
Item #1: Jira board status (chang will sync).
chang, pls help share the task status

lafenicecc 11:01 AM
coverage test is done, good job @camelbeck
what about e2e test? 😁 @ray

baohua 11:03 AM
aha, we have that item later. u wanna sync now or later? @ray

ray 11:04 AM
@WeiHu and me have built a basic framework of the e2e test of our sdk-py (with the help of node sdk and java sdk) and we are working together on my personal github repo, we plan to re-structure the patch-set after a certain period and submit a CR to upstream
👍 2  

baohua 11:05 AM
great! ray and wei
while i would suggest we first submit some basic code framework for review.
This is also for the item #2: https://gerrit.hyperledger.org/r/#/q/project:fabric-sdk-py
We encourage each patchset keep smaller and focused.

ray 11:05 AM
https://github.com/oldsharp/fabric-sdk-py/tree/fab-2871 that's the branch we are now working on

baohua 11:06 AM
let's move quickly with smaller steps, rather than throw out bunch of code one time~~
close collaboration will be more efficient, how do u think?

ray 11:07 AM
Yes, I mean submit several refined CRs to upstream, not a bunch of code 😉

lafenicecc 11:07 AM
😍

baohua 11:08 AM
thanks! ray, look forward to seeing ur patchsets soon!
OK, everyone pls help review each new patchset, and after submitting a patchset, remember to share within the channel after ci passed to call for reviewers. Thanks!
OK. item#3. MVP remaining tasks discussion (kai will sync, 1768 to @lafenicecc and 1769 to @grapebaba).
@grapebaba could u help sync the mvp work?
@lafenicecc for comments, too

grapebaba 11:09 AM
i am still doing 1769

ray 11:10 AM
Let's move quickly 🙂

grapebaba 11:10 AM
since there are some differences between java and node sdk

ray 11:11 AM
seem the network delay of my side is terrible 😞

grapebaba 11:11 AM
I try to find a better way

baohua 11:11 AM
thanks kai.
how about the 1768 @lafenicecc

lafenicecc 11:11 AM
i will collaborate more with 🍇baba

grapebaba 11:12 AM
right now i feel the implementation of java SDK is more better than node

baohua 11:12 AM
sure, and each unfinished task can submit a WIP patchset for letting others know the work is beginning.
👍 1  
aha, i know u're also a java expert!

camelbeck 11:12 AM
👍

baohua 11:12 AM
that's great we have so many experts on various domains!
OK. item #4: Test coverage functionality status (Chao Li will sync)
@camelbeck pls go on~~
:woo:

camelbeck 11:13 AM
OK, as @lafenicecc just mentioned, I finished coverage test this week, and satus on jira is marked DONE now.

baohua 11:14 AM
Thanks, chao, and have u go through the existing documentation and code structure already? ☯

camelbeck 11:15 AM
I have read the documents, but still have not read code now

baohua 11:15 AM
u must have setup the local env, right?

camelbeck 11:15 AM
yes
with your docker images 😀

baohua 11:15 AM
the fabric code has recently changed a little. I hope u can help update our ci docker images to latest 0.8.8.

camelbeck 11:16 AM
Sure, no problem
👍 1  

baohua 11:16 AM
@lafenicecc pls help create a jira task for chao. 😬
thanks chao!

lafenicecc 11:16 AM
np

baohua 11:16 AM
OK. item #5: E2E test (Ray Chen will sync) has synced already.
Do we have other issues to discuss today?

ray 11:17 AM
@camelbeck question about the coverage test tool you choose: I saw you choose a tool called py-cover ? instead of coverage, what's your consideration, can you share a little bit about this?

baohua 11:17 AM
good question.
😏

camelbeck 11:17 AM
https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-2938
I have recorded the reason for this choice.
Have you read about that? Or still have questions? @ray

lafenicecc 11:18 AM
very detailed description, cool!

camelbeck 11:19 AM
Simply speaking, pytest-cov can be integrated with pytest.

ray 11:19 AM
So we used a hybrid solution, do we?

camelbeck 11:20 AM
Coverage in my solution is only used to get the coverage test result.
But, pytest-cov depends on coverage package.

ray 11:21 AM
Okay I see. Thanks for your detailed explanation @camelbeck 🙂

baohua 11:21 AM
@camelbeck Have u solved the ci stuck problem finally?
test/unit/keyvaluestore_test.py why would stuck there?

camelbeck 11:22 AM
Not yet, actually in my own environment, most of the time I run make unittest, the process will be stuck there.

baohua 11:22 AM
Let's record the stuck problem, and maybe can raise a separate bug in jira tasks.
Ok, last time remember @grapebaba has proposed the rxpy discussion, Have u created the issue? any further progress on that?
🚋

grapebaba 11:24 AM
not yet

camelbeck 11:24 AM
OK @baohua

baohua 11:24 AM
🛴
@grapebaba @camelbeck pls use our jira board often, to record the problems and discussions 🙂

camelbeck 11:25 AM
👌

baohua 11:25 AM
Thanks and also to everyone

grapebaba 11:25 AM
👌

baohua 11:25 AM
Ok, any more issue to discuss today?

camelbeck 11:25 AM
I think we could make some improvements to our Makefile.
Just suggestions

baohua 11:26 AM
Sure @camelbeck feel free to create jira task and share here for discussion first.
any suggestion would be encouraged in open-source world

camelbeck 11:26 AM
OK

baohua 11:26 AM
OK, any more issues?

camelbeck 11:26 AM
No

baohua 11:27 AM
Ok, we will end the meeting then~~
Thanks every attendee and enjoy a nice weekend! 🍰

camelbeck 11:27 AM
😀

lafenicecc 11:27 AM
thx

