==== 2017-06-02 ==== 

Meeting will be held at [[https://chat.hyperledger.org/channel/fabric-sdk-py|rocketchat]] at 11AM (GMT+8).

=== Agenda ===

  * MVP remaining tasks: kai will sync.
  * E2E test: Chao Li will sync
  * [[https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-3885|FAB-3885]]: Wei Hu will help sync
  * [[ https://jira.hyperledger.org/secure/RapidBoard.jspa?rapidView=85 | Jira board ]] status
  * [[ https://gerrit.hyperledger.org/r/#/q/project:fabric-sdk-py | Patchset]] for review. 
  * [[https://gerrit.hyperledger.org/r/#/c/9887/ | testchainid is not supported any more]].
  * [[https://docs.google.com/document/d/1R5RtIBMW9fZpli37E5Li5_Q9ve3BnQ4q3gWmGZj6Sv4 | SDK Spec]] is publicly available.
  * Other issues


=== Attendee ===
**Please put ur name before the meeting.**

  * Baohua Yang
  * Kai Chen
  * Wei Hu
  * Tony Yang


=== Log ===


baohua 11:00 AM
and @WeiHu
good
let's start
today's agenda is https://wiki.hyperledger.org/projects/fabric-sdk-py/meetings/20170602
First, pls help sync the mvp progress and issues @grapebaba

WeiHu 11:02 AM
âœ‹

grapebaba 11:02 AM
AFAIK, no update for mvp progress this week

baohua 11:03 AM
ok, so next step i guess we should support the install operation, right?
i suppose someone's working on this since last week meeting?

grapebaba 11:04 AM
I thought it should be create channel

baohua 11:04 AM
create channel, aha
search the jira, not finding this issue?
difficult to use for jira...
i guess there's no issues, kai, pls help create the issue for channel create, thanks!

grapebaba 11:06 AM
https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-3483
this one
refactor chain to channel
remember we discussed

baohua 11:07 AM
thanks, but this is just a refactor issue, we may need some explicit one like create channel
would u help do the refactor part first?

grapebaba 11:08 AM
sure

baohua 11:08 AM
great, thanks!
And anyone else wanna pick the channel create issue to finish? @tonyyang132 @WeiHu
this needs collaboration with kai's work certainly
aha, i notice wei is working on use role update
so maybe tony can help @tonyyang132

tonyyang132 11:12 AM
Umm... Still trying to pick things up, I'm not sure I understand the whole context, maybe I start off with something easier?

baohua 11:12 AM
sure, tony, would suggest u look at the doc first.
Ok, i will add a todo for me ğŸ™‚ TODO: baohua create the jira issue and work with kai to finish the channel creation func.
OK, next item

tonyyang132 11:13 AM
yeah, working on it

baohua 11:13 AM
chao is not online, so let's go to item3: wei sync on 3885
@WeiHu https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-3885
how's that going?

WeiHu 11:15 AM
sorry i'm busy recently. i'm working on it, i have some idea, and it will be done after the 'create channel' task being done

baohua 11:15 AM
sure, pls no hesitate to post ur thoughts in jira or the channel for more discussions.
we need agile collaboration with quick movements ğŸ™‚
OK. and one patchset needs everyone's attention: https://gerrit.hyperledger.org/r/#/c/9887
This patchset disable/remove the testchainid for default channel
Since then, we need the new app channel creation before everything @grapebaba
that's why the channel creation is very important

grapebaba 11:17 AM
yeah

baohua 11:17 AM
btw, i would like to discuss the channel vs chain here
channel is a network layer concept simply means a separate topic from kafka.
chain is more complex, it contains the binding channel, and also other structures like ledger, will u guys agree?
@grapebaba hence we cannot simply rename the chain-->channel, i guess

grapebaba 11:20 AM
ok, fair enough

baohua 11:21 AM
yeap, hence we will finally have the chain and channel roles together, while from the sdk side, it may use both

grapebaba 11:21 AM
we finally will have two class chain and channel, and separate the methods to them

baohua 11:21 AM
exactly!
@WeiHu @tonyyang132 how do u guys think?

tonyyang132 11:22 AM
yeah it'd make more sense

baohua 11:22 AM
thanks!
  
Ok, no much other issues today from my side, any more topics to discuss?

grapebaba 11:23 AM
no for me

baohua 11:23 AM
tony or wei?

tonyyang132 11:23 AM
nothing from my side either

baohua 11:24 AM
sure, thanks for everyone's attending, have a nice weekend!

tonyyang132 11:24 AM
thank you, see you guys around

baohua 11:24 AM
ğŸŒ¼

grapebaba 11:24 AM 
ğŸ‘

