==== 2017-06-16 ==== 

Meeting will be held at [[https://chat.hyperledger.org/channel/fabric-sdk-py|rocketchat]] at 11AM (GMT+8).

  * [[https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-4623?jql=project%20%3D%20FAB%20AND%20status%20in%20(%22In%20Progress%22%2C%20%22To%20Do%22)%20AND%20component%20%3D%20fabric-sdk-py | Ongoing Jira task]]
  * [[ https://gerrit.hyperledger.org/r/#/q/project:fabric-sdk-py+status:open | Open Patchset for review]]
  * [[https://docs.google.com/document/d/1R5RtIBMW9fZpli37E5Li5_Q9ve3BnQ4q3gWmGZj6Sv4 | SDK Spec]]



=== Agenda ===

  * 1. MVP remaining tasks: kai is working on [[https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-4623|FAB-4623]]
  * 2. E2E: Dong Wang is working on [[https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-2871 | FAB-2871]]
  * 3. User Role: Wei Hu is working on [[https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-3885|FAB-3885]]
  * 4. Proto Files Update: Tony Yang is working on [[https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-4592|FAB-4592]]
  * 5. Images/docker-compose-files update: Qiang Wang is working on [[https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-4741|FAB-4741]]
  * 6. Other issues
    * 


=== Attendee ===
**Please put ur name before the meeting.**

  * Baohua Yang
  * Kai Chen
  * Chang Chen
  * Qiang Wang
  * Tony Yang
  * Lei Li


=== Log ===

baohua 10:59 AM
will have meeting~~
who's on line?

grapebaba 11:00 AM
‚úã

baohua 11:00 AM
anyone else?

qiang0723 11:00 AM
‚úã

tonyyang132 11:00 AM
‚úã

baohua 11:00 AM
saw 6 attendees in list
OK, today's agenda: https://wiki.hyperledger.org/projects/fabric-sdk-py/meetings/20170616

SeeGo 11:01 AM
‚úã

baohua 11:01 AM
welcome everyone
1. MVP remaining tasks: kai is working on FAB-4623
https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-4623
@grapebaba any update?

grapebaba 11:01 AM
I am working on create channel story

baohua 11:02 AM
saw a related patchset at https://gerrit.hyperledger.org/r/10569
everyone pls help review the patchset

grapebaba 11:02 AM
i checked it need some pre task, one is https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-4623

baohua 11:02 AM
thanks, kai! so guess we can finish before next meeting?

grapebaba 11:03 AM
and another is eventhub component

grapebaba 11:03 AM
wanna someone can take it

baohua 11:03 AM
aha, have u created the task in jira?

grapebaba 11:03 AM
have not

WangDong 11:03 AM
i am in

baohua 11:04 AM
who will volunteer for the eventhub task?
@grapebaba pls help create a jira task first.

grapebaba 11:04 AM
ok

lafenicecc 11:05 AM
I can take eventhub

baohua 11:05 AM
thanks @lafenicecc
pls feel free to pick kai's creating task
OK, next item: 2. E2E: Dong Wang is working on FAB-2871
@WangDong any update?
https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-2871

grapebaba 11:06 AM
https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-4822

WangDong 11:06 AM
I have split the e2e test into part according to the node sdk. The first is to test the creating channel.

baohua 11:07 AM
any more comments?

WangDong 11:07 AM
but the creating channel is not realized in client
right?

baohua 11:07 AM
understand, dong, to avoid such kind of dependency, we would like to suggest create those apis first.
to use direct return fake value to let the process pass first.
then fill into each implement code, how do u think?
also we can use the mock tools for that

WangDong 11:08 AM
fill into? You mean just leave this part as stub?

baohua 11:09 AM
e.g., we call some method, but we mock it out to just return the expected result

WangDong 11:09 AM
got it

baohua 11:09 AM
then after the method is implemented, it's easy to switch to it

WangDong 11:09 AM
OK

baohua 11:09 AM
thanks, hope we can get some progress next week üôÇ
OK, item 3. User Role: Wei Hu is working on FAB-3885

WangDong 11:09 AM
I will try

baohua 11:10 AM
@WeiHu i guess wei is not online
will connect to him off the meeting
Item 4. Proto Files Update: Tony Yang is working on FAB-4592
https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-4592
@tonyyang132 any update?
aha, are u lost? @tonyyang132 üåº
i guess there is some connection issue...
so let's jump to next item 5. Images/docker-compose-files update: Qiang Wang is working on FAB-4741
@qiang0723 any update?

tonyyang132 11:12 AM
I'm here üôÇ
have identified 4 proto files that needs syncing and have synced them accordingly
now working on compiling the proto files

baohua 11:13 AM
aha u're back

tonyyang132 11:13 AM
yeah, connection is not so smooth

baohua 11:13 AM
great, feel free to share if u find any problem

tonyyang132 11:13 AM
sure, thank you

qiang0723 11:14 AM
I have just modified some configuration files according to official example e2e_cli,and docker-compose can work now, will commit it later

baohua 11:14 AM
ok, and here's some related pachsets: https://gerrit.hyperledger.org/r/#/c/10631
we got several comments for it. welcome anyone to help review
and is there any other issues to discuss?
next monday&Tuesday we will have the hackfest in beijing, anyone will attend with me?

WangDong 11:16 AM
one more thing the sdk spec is the most updated?

baohua 11:16 AM
no, the sdk spec is somehow out-of-dated
but the main design process is till correct

WangDong 11:17 AM
ok
thanks

baohua 11:17 AM
pls have a look at the java/node ones for reference

WangDong 11:17 AM
yep

baohua 11:17 AM
And last week, fabric release the beta version.
this week it will be in rc1

WangDong 11:18 AM
OK

baohua 11:18 AM
Since most apis freeze now, we can finish the sdk soon, hopefully üòÉ
Any more issues to discuss?

WangDong 11:19 AM
the hackfest? what is that, any info?

baohua 11:19 AM
https://wiki.hyperledger.org/groups/twgc/hackfest-beijing
See here

WangDong 11:19 AM
ok
thanks

lafenicecc 11:19 AM
@grapebaba in the mvp, eventhub's job is to get commit confirmation from endorsor, am I right?

baohua 11:20 AM
Hyperledger ÈªëÂÆ¢ÊäÄÊúØÂ≥∞‰ºö üòá
or ÊäÄÊúØËÆ∫Âùõ

WangDong 11:20 AM
sounds great

baohua 11:20 AM
it's one of the largest event in HL community

lafenicecc 11:20 AM
why the agenda has so many blank time slots still ...

baohua 11:20 AM
everyone welcome to present
aha, it's 50+% filled, still adding more
for those cannot present, can feel free to join the discussions at channels like #twg-china
i will try to share some info at rocketchannels
OK, any other question?

grapebaba 11:23 AM
@lafenicecc may refer to EventHub.java
it should be a general approach

lafenicecc 11:23 AM
ok i will

baohua 11:24 AM
So if there's no more question, we will end the meeting
Thanks for everyone's efforts, let's keep submitting patchsets and reviewing, have a nice weekend!

WangDong 11:24 AM
have a nice weekend

lafenicecc 11:24 AM
thanks

tonyyang132 11:24 AM
thank you and bye

grapebaba 11:25 AM 
thank you