==== 2017-03-17 ==== 

=== Agenda ===

  * [[ https://jira.hyperledger.org/secure/RapidBoard.jspa?rapidView=85 | Jira board ]] status. There are several old tasks need to be clear soon.
  * [[ https://gerrit.hyperledger.org/r/#/q/project:fabric-sdk-py | Patchset]] for review. 
  * MVP remaining tasks discussion.
  * [[https://docs.google.com/document/d/1R5RtIBMW9fZpli37E5Li5_Q9ve3BnQ4q3gWmGZj6Sv4 | SDK Spec]] is publicly available.
  * Ray Chen has update the wiki page using doku wiki grammar, for stable rending.
  * Welcome for new contributor: Wei Hu from Hyperchain
  * Other issues
    * There is a new go sdk proposed to the community

=== Attendee ===

  * Baohua Yang 
  * Kai Chen
  * Wei Hu
  * Ray Chen
  * Lei Li
  * Chang Chen

=== Log ===


==Meeting start==
Agenda here: https://wiki.hyperledger.org/projects/fabric-sdk-py/meetings/20170317

lafenicecc 11:01 AM
ğŸ¤š

baohua 11:01 AM
item #1: jira board
https://jira.hyperledger.org/secure/RapidBoard.jspa?rapidView=85
Chang and I have cleaned those done tasks
Everyone pls help check ur own tasks, and make sure the status are correct!
ğŸ‘ 1  

WeiHu 11:02 AM
âœ‹

baohua 11:02 AM
item #2: patchsets, we made great progress in patchsets in past weeks!
https://gerrit.hyperledger.org/r/#/q/project:fabric-sdk-py
i will encourage everyone to help review the new patchsets and add ur comments.
+1/-1, either is welcome ğŸ™‚
but we do need close collaborations
@grapebaba any comments?

grapebaba 11:04 AM
no

baohua 11:04 AM
ok
item #3: the mvp progress
MVP remaining tasks discussion. @lafenicecc @grapebaba any update?
what do we still need?

ray 11:06 AM
I see send_tx and create_tx tasks are still unassigned

lafenicecc 11:06 AM
the instantiate and invoke test are skipped, anything not done yet? @grapebaba

baohua 11:07 AM
i think the create_tx has been finished? @ray which jira task? can u send the link

lafenicecc 11:08 AM
FAB-1768 and 1769, i suppose ğŸ˜

ray 11:08 AM
yep 1768 and 1769

grapebaba 11:09 AM
right now, i just pass send tx proposal test for install chaincode

baohua 11:09 AM
i suppose grapebaba and I have finished the create_transaction part?

grapebaba 11:09 AM
actually we behind a lot

baohua 11:09 AM
so the create_tx part is done, we are working on the send_tx part?
am i correct?

grapebaba 11:10 AM
create_tx may be not a public method
refer to node and java

lafenicecc 11:11 AM
Any help do u need? like track with latest changes of fabric or node-sdk?

baohua 11:11 AM
ok, seems we still need some effort. any volunteers to help improve this two functions? @lafenicecc @ray

grapebaba 11:12 AM
i will take send tx and finish whole install process first
ğŸ‘ 2  

baohua 11:13 AM
thanks, then will assign 1768 to @lafenicecc and 1769 to @grapebaba first. while other people will help on these two remaining work.
Let's target to finish MVP before end of March!

lafenicecc 11:13 AM
ok

baohua 11:13 AM
especially for @ray and @WeiHu , would need ur help indeed.

ray 11:14 AM
ğŸ˜‰ ok!

baohua 11:14 AM
OK. sdk spec is there: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1R5RtIBMW9fZpli37E5Li5_Q9ve3BnQ4q3gWmGZj6Sv4

WeiHu 11:14 AM
of courseğŸ˜ƒ

baohua 11:15 AM
next item: thanks to ray, he has update the wiki page using doku wiki grammar, for stable rending. 

ray 11:15 AM
So it's in public domain now

baohua 11:15 AM
pls feel free to report problems in wiki

ray 11:15 AM
I mean the sdk spec

baohua 11:16 AM
yeap, already open for a while
somehow a little out-of-date with fabric 1.0
and i have to say again. documentation is really important for open-source projects.
even more important than code sometimes ğŸ™‚
OK.
any comments till now?
OK, exciting moment! Welcome for new contributor: Wei Hu from Hyperchain!
@WeiHu would u like to give a brief? to meet each other ğŸ™‚

ray 11:18 AM
ğŸ‘

lafenicecc 11:18 AM
welcome!!

baohua 11:18 AM
ğŸŒºğŸŒ»ğŸŒ¼

WeiHu 11:20 AM
really glad to join the group and make contribution~ i'm from hyperchain, let's make the project done together~
ğŸ‘ 1  

baohua 11:20 AM
thanks, definitely we need everyone's hand!

WeiHu 11:20 AM
ğŸ˜›

baohua 11:20 AM
OK, next item

grapebaba 11:20 AM
ğŸ‘

baohua 11:20 AM
There is a new go sdk proposed to the community in yesterday TSC meeting.
glad we have more sdk now. but somehow not sure how to use this go sdk, maybe not in web apps.
And some guy tells they are trying to deploy fabric on Raspberry pieï¼ˆæ ‘è“æ´¾ï¼‰, this is interesting ~~

ray 11:22 AM
I see a hot mailing list thread discussing the sub-project proposal etc.

grapebaba 11:22 AM
go sdk is very good

baohua 11:22 AM   
yeap, this topic has been arised several times...

WeiHu 11:23 AM
is it approved?

grapebaba 11:23 AM
right now, there are some tools such as configtx

baohua 11:23 AM
i only wanna we have more efficient collaboration method, no matter how to organize...
yeap, configtxgen

grapebaba 11:23 AM
it can invoke it native

baohua 11:23 AM
but it can be just inside the fabric...

grapebaba 11:24 AM
but how can use in client side

baohua 11:24 AM
yeap, the interesting question is what kind of client may wanna pick Golang now....

grapebaba 11:25 AM
me
ğŸ™‚

WeiHu 11:25 AM
web?

baohua 11:25 AM
i know golang can provide web... backend people still like java ğŸ˜
  
personally i like golang, but it may need more time to teach people.

WeiHu 11:25 AM
golang is becoming more populate i think

grapebaba 11:25 AM
no, i don't like use golang for web

baohua 11:26 AM
haha, let's see, i believe in future there will be 3 languages: Java(Script), Python, and Golang --> JPG@@

WeiHu 11:26 AM
ğŸ˜‚

baohua 11:26 AM
ğŸ›¬

grapebaba 11:27 AM
web should be dominate by javascript

baohua 11:27 AM
last time at PyCon i threw this opinion

grapebaba 11:27 AM
guess

baohua 11:27 AM
ok, we have 3 minutes remaining, any more issues to discuss today?
programming language/tool battle is always popular.....

ray 11:28 AM
and editors battle

baohua 11:28 AM
Ok, if there's no more issue, we will end the meeting...
Thanks everyone, have a nice weekend!

ray 11:29 AM
ğŸ¹

WeiHu 11:29 AM 
âœŒ

==Meeting end==
