==== 2017-10-20 ==== 

Meeting will be held at [[https://chat.hyperledger.org/channel/fabric-sdk-py|rocketchat]] at 11AM (GMT+8).

  * [[https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-4623?jql=project%20%3D%20FAB%20AND%20status%20in%20(%22In%20Progress%22%2C%20%22To%20Do%22)%20AND%20component%20%3D%20fabric-sdk-py | Ongoing Jira task]]
  * [[ https://gerrit.hyperledger.org/r/#/q/project:fabric-sdk-py+status:open | Open Patchset for review]]
  * [[https://docs.google.com/document/d/1R5RtIBMW9fZpli37E5Li5_Q9ve3BnQ4q3gWmGZj6Sv4 | SDK Spec]]

=== Agenda ===
Feel free to update before the meeting.

  * chaincode Instantiate: Kai finished the install operation, now Tony is working on [[https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-5489 | FAB-5489]]
  * chaincode Invoke: ZhaoFang is working on [[https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-5491 | FAB-5491]]
  * channel join: Dong Wang is working on [[https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-5488|FAB-5488]]
  * EventHub:  david dornseifer is working on [[https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-4822|FAB-4822]]
  * Register: Baohua is working on [[https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-3165|FAB-3165]]
  * Other issues


=== Attendee ===
**Please put ur name before the meeting.**

  * Baohua Yang
  * Kai Chen
  * Tony Yang
  * Frank Han

=== Log ===

grapebaba 10:56 AM
hi,meeting will start
who is online?

baohua 10:57 AM
+1

grapebaba 10:59 AM
anyone else?

tonyyang132 11:00 AM
+1

grapebaba 11:00 AM
k
first, we should update ongoing jira task
can you help update https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-5489 @tonyyang132

tonyyang132 11:03 AM
um... a bit occupied with company project for the past weeks, so I don't have much update for the task yet...

grapebaba 11:03 AM
ok

hanhzf 11:03 AM
+1

grapebaba 11:03 AM
üòÄ
zhao fang
what about this one https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-5491

hanhzf 11:04 AM
Yes, a little busy with company project after festival, will work on it this weekend

grapebaba 11:05 AM
thanks
@david_dornseifer and @wangdong is not online
@baohua https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-3165
are you there?

baohua 11:06 AM
no update, i may first help on the channel/tx operations first
this is related to fabric-ca-sdk
will update the status there
üêå

grapebaba 11:06 AM
thanks
currently only one WIP patch in gerrit, let us skip it
any other issues, guys?
we merged two patch this week

baohua 11:09 AM
great progress!
lets keep moving forward!
:woo:

grapebaba 11:09 AM
OK, seems no issues, we can end the meeting
Happy weekends,guys

baohua 11:09 AM
thanks kai and everyone
pls help post the minutes too

grapebaba 11:10 AM
k

baohua 11:10 AM
nice weekend!üòÉ

tonyyang132 11:11 AM 
üëè