==== 2017-06-23 ==== 

Meeting will be held at [[https://chat.hyperledger.org/channel/fabric-sdk-py|rocketchat]] at 11AM (GMT+8).

  * [[https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-4623?jql=project%20%3D%20FAB%20AND%20status%20in%20(%22In%20Progress%22%2C%20%22To%20Do%22)%20AND%20component%20%3D%20fabric-sdk-py | Ongoing Jira task]]
  * [[ https://gerrit.hyperledger.org/r/#/q/project:fabric-sdk-py+status:open | Open Patchset for review]]
  * [[https://docs.google.com/document/d/1R5RtIBMW9fZpli37E5Li5_Q9ve3BnQ4q3gWmGZj6Sv4 | SDK Spec]]

=== Agenda ===

  * MVP remaining tasks: [[https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-4877|FAB-4877]] done by Kai Chen
  * Images/docker-compose-files update: [[https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-4741|FAB-4741]] done by Qiang Wang
  * E2E: Dong Wang is working on [[https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-2871 | FAB-2871]]
  * User Role: Wei Hu is working on [[https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-3885|FAB-3885]]
  * Proto Files Update: Tony Yang is working on [[https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-4592|FAB-4592]]
  * EventHub: Chang Chen is working on [[https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-4822|FAB-4822]]
  * TODO issues:
    * Update license header: [[https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-4742|FAB-4742]]
    * Support provided password in the enroll request: [[https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-3165|FAB-3165]]
  * Other issues
    * 


=== Attendee ===
**Please put ur name before the meeting.**

  * Baohua Yang
  * Kai Chen
  * Chang Chen
  * Qiang Wang
  * Tony Yang
  * Dong Wang
  * Mukkaysh Srivastav


=== Log ===

baohua 10:59 AM
ok, who's online for the meeting?

tonyyang132 11:00 AM
I am

baohua 11:00 AM
@grapebaba @qiang0723
thanks, tony

qiang0723 11:00 AM
‚úã

baohua 11:01 AM
@lafenicecc
ok, let's start
today's agenda is at https://wiki.hyperledger.org/projects/fabric-sdk-py/meetings/20170623

grapebaba 11:01 AM
‚úã

WeiHu 11:01 AM
‚úã

baohua 11:01 AM
got two patchset merged
FAB-4877 done by Kai Chen
FAB-4741 done by Qiang Wang
Thanks!
And Dong Wang is working on FAB-2871 @WangDong
not sure if he's online
User Role: Wei Hu is working on FAB-3885 @WeiHu
could u help share the progress? @WeiHu

lafenicecc 11:03 AM
ü§ö

WeiHu 11:03 AM
I wonder whether `create channel` is implemented?

baohua 11:04 AM
For sdk, it actually can assume the fabric network is already there (started, and peer already joined the new created channel).

WeiHu 11:04 AM
I'll finish fab-3885 after this task is done

baohua 11:04 AM
using the docker-compose files, after bootup, we can setup the channel and join through scripts first.
How do u think, if this way works for u? wei

WangDong 11:05 AM
I am here

baohua 11:05 AM
@grapebaba i guess the chaincode operations have higher priority

WeiHu 11:05 AM
get it

baohua 11:06 AM
thanks, wei, pls do not stuck üôÇ
thanks @WangDong would u help update FAB-2871? the e2e api design?
we just close ray's prior patchset, hope u can open new one for that
https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-2871

WangDong 11:07 AM
I just referred the node sdk. The first step will be creating channel test
I am trying to give birth it then

baohua 11:08 AM
yeap, dong, as suggested last week, we need the entire workflow defined first, then can implement each steps with other components being finished.
thanks for the help!
OK, and Proto Files Update: Tony Yang is working on FAB-4592
the patchset is at https://gerrit.hyperledger.org/r/#/c/11003

tonyyang132 11:09 AM
Yeah

baohua 11:09 AM
Would highly encourage everyone to help review, not only just contributing code. review is very important üôÇ
any thing to sync, tony?

WangDong 11:10 AM
Ah, I will try to give a design then. Sorry for the miss.

baohua 11:10 AM
üêå

tonyyang132 11:10 AM
Nothing else other than asking help for reviews
üò¨

baohua 11:11 AM
thanks, can would u like to share how do u update it? main steps?

srivmukk 11:11 AM
I can help in reviewing. Let me know please

qiang0723 11:11 AM
I think i can help implement demo e2e @WangDong

baohua 11:11 AM
hence other people may learn üôÇ
@srivmukk feel free to review it!

WangDong 11:11 AM
@qiang0723 that will be greate

baohua 11:11 AM   
every patchset is open, just add ur name there, then u're an honored reviewer!

tonyyang132 11:12 AM
yeah. I diff'ed all the proto files with that of the fabric ones
eliminated the ones that are only in fabric, and synced the rest, and then make proto

baohua 11:14 AM
yeap, thanks and remember to notice that some generated files needs a abstract import path
due to limit support of pb
and every code contributor, pls feel free to add ur name at the statistics at https://wiki.hyperledger.org/groups/twgc/team_di
OK, EventHub: Chang Chen is working on FAB-4822
https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-4822

tonyyang132 11:15 AM
sorry, how do you mean by abstract import path?

baohua 11:16 AM
@tonyyang132 u may notice we have manually update some import path in the generated py files.

lafenicecc 11:16 AM
Working on eventhub. Will have patchset next week

grapebaba 11:16 AM
@tonyyang132 we must change the import path of the proto files in fabric

tonyyang132 11:16 AM
oops, I didn't manually update any generated py files

grapebaba 11:17 AM
please check the current py files header

tonyyang132 11:17 AM
guess I need to take another look

grapebaba 11:17 AM
i don't mean py files
i mean .proto files

tonyyang132 11:17 AM
oh, proto files
I did see those

grapebaba 11:17 AM
yeah

baohua 11:17 AM
like this one in ab.proto: `import "hfc/protos/common/common.proto";`
the original one is `import common.proto`
need to update the path as kai indicated

tonyyang132 11:18 AM
prefixed by the hfc directory

baohua 11:18 AM   
seems only several files need that change @grapebaba ?

tonyyang132 11:18 AM
I left those diffs as is

baohua 11:19 AM
yeap, that's smart action
OK, for next item: we need some one to help add license headers to the source code: https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-4742
any volunteer?
@srivmukk

srivmukk 11:20 AM
k

baohua 11:20 AM
would u like to help fix it?

grapebaba 11:20 AM
@tonyyang132 that is a workaround to generate correct py files

srivmukk 11:21 AM
@baohua .. Sure, I can try.

tonyyang132 11:21 AM
Thanks @grapebaba for elaborating

baohua 11:21 AM
thanks, pls assign urself as the assignee in the jira link üôÇ

grapebaba 11:21 AM
you must check the current project module and modify the .proto import

baohua 11:22 AM
mainly, we need an apache 2 header in every source code file, and some cc license description at the bottom of the documentation. feel free to fix one by one step.
Ok, next item: Support provided password in the enroll request: FAB-3165
https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-3165
this means when enroll, user can optionally choose to use the password they provided
instead of only accepting randomly generate one from the server part.
anyone would like to help on this?
aha, @WangDong guess u would like to pick this!

WangDong 11:24 AM
I will have to finish the e2e first.

baohua 11:24 AM
very helpful to understand the e2e workflow by fixing this

WangDong 11:24 AM
haha

baohua 11:25 AM
ok, so anyone else to fix this one?
https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-3165
OK, if nobody takes, i will eat it!
great discussions and progress this week, that's all the agenda
any else to discuss? @grapebaba
  
anyone has issue to discuss more?

grapebaba 11:27 AM
there are a lot of changes with our previous implementation such as msp, identity, user

baohua 11:27 AM
aha, mostly, we move the membership part to a seperate dir named fabric-ca

grapebaba 11:27 AM
and some new underlying component added
such as block decoder

baohua 11:27 AM
and the main part keeps as in the fabric dir

grapebaba 11:28 AM
i think we need revisit these underlying component first

baohua 11:28 AM
and the mvp (support chaincode operations) is with the highest priority
@grapebaba more details?

grapebaba 11:29 AM
i do not think we can implement mvp without these components

baohua 11:29 AM
any reason?

grapebaba 11:30 AM
i just check the code
for implement create channel

baohua 11:30 AM
suppose we assume having a joined channel by docker-compose and scripts.

grapebaba 11:30 AM
actually a lot of work need to do

baohua 11:31 AM
yeap, to avoid stucking, we can first use scripts to do the channel creation/joining work, does that make sense?
as the official e2e does.

grapebaba 11:31 AM
i agree

baohua 11:32 AM
then it would be easier to finish the chaincode operations support. after that, we can focus on the channel staffs.
as the channel part is still in-change....
OK. any other issue?

grapebaba 11:32 AM
but i didn't check that if we can implement chaincode operation easily right now

baohua 11:33 AM
no worry, we will do it step by step: install first!
  
@grapebaba would suggest u help finish the install code (almost done)
and then instantiate
@WangDong anything to say?

WangDong 11:35 AM
I saw the chang log is outdated for long. I think if some one makes the changes, he is responsible to update it. It will be helpful for other to understand the work.

baohua 11:35 AM
saw u're in typing status
aha, good suggestion!
@lafenicecc could u help create a jira task for that?
we need to update the changelog accordingly

lafenicecc 11:36 AM
ok

baohua 11:36 AM
anyone wanna help fix it right now?

WangDong 11:37 AM
shall we have a rule to let the everyone to take care of his part?

grapebaba 11:37 AM
shall we have a design disccusion
at some time
before that, we need every look at the node or java SDK

baohua 11:38 AM
ok, @grapebaba pls help org one and negotiate a time slot within the group

grapebaba 11:38 AM
I have several questions

baohua 11:38 AM
u may use phone call for that üôÇ

grapebaba 11:39 AM
yes

baohua 11:39 AM
Ok, any more issue for the meeting today?
OK. if no more issue, will end the meeting, thanks every attendee and have a nice weekend!

WangDong 11:40 AM
have a nice weekend

tonyyang132 11:42 AM 
Thank you and bye