==== 2018-04-12 ==== 

Meeting will be held at [[ https://zoom.us/j/137692502 | zoom]] (video conf, recommend using microphone and headset) and [[https://chat.hyperledger.org/channel/fabric-sdk-py|rocketchat]] (for text chat) at:

  * 11:00AM   (UTC-2)
  * 02:00PM   (UTC+1)
  * 06:30PM   (UTC+0530)
  * 09:00PM   (UTC+8)

  * [[https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-4623?jql=project%20%3D%20FAB%20AND%20status%20in%20(%22In%20Progress%22%2C%20%22To%20Do%22)%20AND%20component%20%3D%20fabric-sdk-py | Ongoing Jira task]]
  * [[ https://gerrit.hyperledger.org/r/#/q/project:fabric-sdk-py+status:open | Open Patchset for review]]
  * [[https://docs.google.com/document/d/1R5RtIBMW9fZpli37E5Li5_Q9ve3BnQ4q3gWmGZj6Sv4 | SDK Spec]]

=== Agenda ===
Feel free to update before the meeting.

  * Recent Progress: 
  * chaincode Query: Dong Wang is working on [[https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-9215 | FAB-9215]]
  * channel join APIs: Baohua is improving the client APIs for channel join: [[https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-9459|FAB-9459]]
  * EventHub: sudheesh is working on [[https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-4822|FAB-4822]]
  * TODO issues
    * Finish tutorial documentation


=== Attendee ===
**Please put ur name before the meeting.**
  * Baohua Yang
  * Dong Wang
  * Kai Chen
  * Amit Kumar Gupta


=== logs ===
.
