==== 2018-02-09 ==== 

Meeting will be held at [[ https://zoom.us/j/137692502 | zoom]] (video conf, recommend using microphone and headset) and [[https://chat.hyperledger.org/channel/fabric-sdk-py|rocketchat]] (for text chat) at:

  * 11AM   (UTC-2)
  * 02PM   (UTC+1)
  * 0630PM (UTC+0530)
  * 09PM   (UTC+8)

  * [[https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-4623?jql=project%20%3D%20FAB%20AND%20status%20in%20(%22In%20Progress%22%2C%20%22To%20Do%22)%20AND%20component%20%3D%20fabric-sdk-py | Ongoing Jira task]]
  * [[ https://gerrit.hyperledger.org/r/#/q/project:fabric-sdk-py+status:open | Open Patchset for review]]
  * [[https://docs.google.com/document/d/1R5RtIBMW9fZpli37E5Li5_Q9ve3BnQ4q3gWmGZj6Sv4 | SDK Spec]]

=== Agenda ===
Feel free to update before the meeting.

  * Recent Progress: 
    * channel create
    * channel join
    * chaincode install
    * chaincode instantiate
    * Tutorial framework
  * chaincode Instantiate: Tony and kai are working on [[https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-5489 | FAB-5489]]
  * chaincode Invoke: Zhaofang Han is working on [[https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-5491 | FAB-5491]]
  * chaincode Invoke: Dong Wang is working on [[https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-6985|FAB-6985]]
  * EventHub:  david dornseifer is working on [[https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-4822|FAB-4822]]
  * Register: Baohua is working on [[https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-3165|FAB-3165]]
  * TODO issues
    * chaincode Query?
    * chaincode Upgrade?[[https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-5490|FAB-5490]]
    * Fabric-CA client?
  * Design Issues:
    * [[ https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-7743  |fabric-ca tls access]]


=== Attendee ===
**Please put ur name before the meeting.**

  * Baohua Yang
  * Manoel Vieira
  * Sudheesh Singanamalla
  * Apurv Mehra
  * Dong Wang

=== log ===

we got more attendee today. And more feedback from them. That's good.

**Discussed topic:**

   1. Bug in chain code instantiate test code, fixed by Baohua.
   2. Connection profile feature. This may need more discussion.
      Let's just put out the words in the jira comments.
   3. We need complete the doc for the use of python sdk. Everybody
      is welcome to refine it.
   4. Event hub has a higher priority but Daivd got this item long ago,
      he has not shown up for a while. So any one wants to pick up this
      please send a mail to discuss this or ask the progress.
   5. More work will be done to wrapper python sdk for easy use. User friendly
      api will be our expectation. More insight and discussion will be needed on this.