==== 2018-01-05 ==== 

Meeting will be held at [[https://chat.hyperledger.org/channel/fabric-sdk-py|rocketchat]] at:

  * 11AM (GMT+8)
  * 8PM one day before (GMT-7).

  * [[https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-4623?jql=project%20%3D%20FAB%20AND%20status%20in%20(%22In%20Progress%22%2C%20%22To%20Do%22)%20AND%20component%20%3D%20fabric-sdk-py | Ongoing Jira task]]
  * [[ https://gerrit.hyperledger.org/r/#/q/project:fabric-sdk-py+status:open | Open Patchset for review]]
  * [[https://docs.google.com/document/d/1R5RtIBMW9fZpli37E5Li5_Q9ve3BnQ4q3gWmGZj6Sv4 | SDK Spec]]

=== Agenda ===
Feel free to update before the meeting.

  * Recent Progress: chaincode install, channel create, integration testing framework refinement
  * chaincode Instantiate: Tony and kai are working on [[https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-5489 | FAB-5489]]
  * chaincode Invoke: Zhaofang Han is working on [[https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-5491 | FAB-5491]], Dong Wang is working on [[https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-6985|FAB-6985]]
  * EventHub:  david dornseifer is working on [[https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-4822|FAB-4822]]
  * Register: Baohua is working on [[https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-3165|FAB-3165]]
  * TODO issues
    * channel join: [[https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-2871|FAB-2871]]
    * chaincode Query?
    * chaincode Upgrade?[[https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-5490|FAB-5490]]


=== Attendee ===
**Please put ur name before the meeting.**

  * Baohua Yang
  * Kai Chen
  * Wang Dong


=== Log ===

grapebaba 11:01 AM
‚úã

baohua 11:01 AM
ok, will start meeting
today's agenda is at https://wiki.hyperledger.org/projects/fabric-sdk-py/meetings/20180105.
Mostly, we've done `chaincode install, channel create, integration testing framework refinement`
The active ongoing work is for chaincode instantiate/invoke
how's going kai

grapebaba 11:03 AM
not ready

baohua 11:03 AM
@grapebaba busy with ur team, aha?
hope everything goes well

grapebaba 11:03 AM
let me try next week

baohua 11:03 AM
ok, heard u will visit beijing?

grapebaba 11:04 AM
yeah

baohua 11:04 AM
when is the trip

grapebaba 11:04 AM
plan is 1.26

baohua 11:04 AM
stay for a weekend?

DongWang 11:05 AM
hi

grapebaba 11:05 AM
should be

baohua 11:05 AM
would look forward if u can help introduce the pysdk project in the meetup

grapebaba 11:05 AM
haha

baohua 11:05 AM
sdk is important part of operation, right
@DongWang hi, how's going

DongWang 11:06 AM
emm, I am blocked by the msp error.

grapebaba 11:06 AM
let us communicate in wechat @baohua

baohua 11:06 AM
i still believe that python is the 1st choice in operational world
@DongWang can u elaborate the problem

grapebaba 11:06 AM
üëå

baohua 11:06 AM
@grapebaba and i would like to see if can help

grapebaba 11:06 AM
I agree
for operation python is good

baohua 11:07 AM
right now we are using generated msp path in the code, so what's the problem there?

DongWang 11:07 AM
MSP Org1MSP is unknown
actually I have never touch anything about the msp
It is user id related I think

baohua 11:07 AM
oh, are u using the same 1.0.0 code in fabric
hmmm, i guess it might be format problem
have u tried the e2e example in fabric 1.0.5?

DongWang 11:09 AM
not yet

baohua 11:09 AM
suggest u try it first. besides, are u in the software park today?

DongWang 11:10 AM
And I wonder if the channel part is enough for the later development of the chaincode operation. Like msp config and channel initialize are not finished? They will affect
No, I am in xi'an now

grapebaba 11:12 AM
I think it is enough @DongWang , let us discuss in wechat or JIRA

DongWang 11:12 AM
I have finished the test code. Error says the channel is not initialized. So I guess these parts will be important too.
OK

baohua 11:12 AM
the whole steps: 1. create a channel; 2. peer joined the channel; 3. peer install chaincode; 4. peer instantiate chaincode; 5. peer invoke chaincode
every step can be done by cli or sdk
as kai and i suggested, pls have a look at e2e example, and let's discuss offline üôÇ

DongWang 11:13 AM
OK

baohua 11:14 AM
‚õ≥
ok, any other issues to discuss? look forward we can solve the problem next week!

grapebaba 11:14 AM
may we can discuss with audio

baohua 11:15 AM
using zoom?

DongWang 11:15 AM
I am ok

baohua 11:15 AM
sure, let's try in next meeting?
@grapebaba can u send an email to tracy to preserve the zoom timeslot for us?

grapebaba 11:16 AM
ok

DongWang 11:19 AM
So shall we call this an end ?

baohua 11:19 AM
ok, any more issue?

grapebaba 11:19 AM
no

DongWang 11:19 AM
no

baohua 11:19 AM
@DongWang ?
what's ur meaning of an end?

DongWang 11:19 AM
I mean let's end this meeting üòÄ

baohua 11:20 AM
ahahaha
sure, let's end @DongWang pls help add minutes in the wikipage and shared the link in the maillist

DongWang 11:20 AM
sure

baohua 11:20 AM
have a nice weekend!!
üåº

grapebaba 11:20 AM
üëè

DongWang 11:20 AM
have a nice weekend